It seems that my father told a dealer that I needed money, then hypnotized me and called the dealer to our place,
then took the money that he gave me, and then woke me up. Then he told the dealer that I would not return the money,
which is why the dealer tried to withdraw 300 euros from my account, unsuccessfully, which is why I reported it to the police, thinking that the bank was stealing.
Then my father called the dealer and made me say that I am always in favor of reporting it to the police, and that the police are doing their job.
The dealer is convinced that I am playing dumb and will not return the money on purpose, so they rape me and break my knees with occasional blows.
But this seems to be a disguise and it seems that it is actually pimping, because there are still tiny scars on my legs from extinguished cigarettes,
as my father probably used to show people that they can do whatever they want to me.
And it seems that both my father and the one who makes fun of me online explain to people why they do it, and people believe them.
But the whole story is like thieves from the villages of Zadar. If he can't do anything else, he throws his hat over the wall and scrambles to get it.
And I am accused of stealing a hat.

I was in a relationship with Lucia. We just started dating, and she wouldn't give me anything except a kiss, or even to grab her ass, nothing.
It was New Year's Eve and my roommate from Zadar invited me to come to a party in Sukosan, at his old people's house, saying that the whole team would be there, his team.
I probably fit the bill because I was driving my father's car, and the taxi driver from Zadar to Sukosan would be paid a lot for the welcome. Anyway, I agreed and told Lucia that I was going there, she said okay because she had plans from before.
That roommate's team was a team that all wore tau, some kind of necklace. I never asked what tau was, nor did I care, although they seemed like a cult to me.
Anyway, to my delight, there was booze and food there, there was smoke, there was music, there were girls. It didn't take long before I was completely stoned.
A group of Sukosan people came to threaten us in front of the house, but we chased them away. I was expecting a fight, but the Sukosan people ran away.
Anyway, back at the house I noticed a hot chick, and asked her to dance.
To my astonishment, she almost ripped me off while we were dancing sentis. Chewing, jerking off, everything. And I ask her if we want to go upstairs, and I take a condom out of my jacket hanging on the wall, she nods.
And I take her upstairs to my roommate's old man's room. The door can't be locked, there's no key, but who gives a fuck. On the wall are framed pictures of Jesus, the Virgin Mary, all the living saints, next to the bed is a cradle.
None of that bothered us, we started undressing. I didn't even have time to put the condom on, I just took it out of the bag and lost it somewhere, she was already riding me.
At that moment I hear some girls calling her from outside the door, Albina, Albina., come out. Neither she nor I paid attention, but at least I found out her name.
At that moment, my roommate bursts into the room, who's looking for something? I lift the sheet over Albina so she doesn't look at her naked and yell at him to get out. He comes out, but I've already called him names.
Albina didn't give a damn, I guess she wouldn't have cared if the atomic bomb had fallen, she continued to ride me. Now I was already feeling bad because of my friends who were screaming at the door and my roommate and I said to Albina, let's go downstairs.
I sit down in an armchair, then she goes to talk to her friends and later she comes back and sits me down in the armchair and we start kissing. We get to know each other properly and then she says she's 16.
Oh my god, what the fuck did she do, I got over my drunkenness and my slobbery and my hangover all in a few seconds. Before morning the team came out in front of the house and looked into the passage, a kind of stone arcade,
and I said I was going to get the car because I parked far away. One of the girls told me not to go through that arcade, but I didn't see anything in particular and I said I had to.
When I passed, there was not a soul in the whole of Sukasan. I tied up the car, but there was no one in the house. The whole team had disappeared without a trace. I thought they were making fun of me and I went around everywhere, but there was no one.
I thought the smartest thing to do was go home and I got in the car and drove away. There was no one on the road either, but after about 15 minutes I saw the first car and everything went back to normal.
Later that night, I met up with Lucija, told her what I had done and broke up with her.
I was curious about Albina and someone told me she was at a school. I went there by car, and met her as she was getting on the bus.
I got out of the car and wanted to talk to her, but she wouldn't even look at me, she ran into the bus.
Her friend blocked the bus door and told me that Albina didn't want to talk to me. The driver also yelled at me to get off, or get on the bus, so I said I was with the car and got back in the car.
My roommate from Zagreb told me a year later that he saw her in the city pushing a stroller with a baby with some guy.
Albina approached me in the city, somehow found me, when the child was born and asked me what name to give him, she wanted something Croatian. At that time, I was already under a mild psychosis and I wasn't even aware that it was her.
I suggested Saša or Vanja, but she didn't like it so she suggested Ivan, and I said okay. After about 15 years, I worked for the company Jezgra, direct sales, selling knives and handsfree to people, I ran into a bar and when the waitress saw me, she told Albina to come out of the kitchen and Albina gave me her hand and introduced me to Ivan, the waiter. I wasn't aware that it was Albina and Ivan, and my brain was a mess, so I thought they were some crazy people and left after she told me that he was my son. That was the only time I saw him. Last month, 20 years after making Ivan, I looked up Albina on Facebook and saw that she had a profile of some little girl. If that's her daughter, that daughter isn't mine. Albina still runs the same bar in Zadar, Mocarabia Coffee Point.

It was 1992, maybe 1993. The Homeland War was raging, and my father, who had worked at Borba, a Serbian newspaper company, lost his job and we depended on my old woman, who was Serbian,
so we didn't know if she would lose her job too. We ate at Caritas, we still ate that wormy rice, and we brought water from the well of the St. Anastasia church.
Anyway, one autumn we realized that we wouldn't have any firewood for the winter, so my old man made an agreement with someone in the Serbian-occupied area for firewood.
He had the brilliant idea of ​​going along the old Biograd-Benkovac road by Borba's boat. He probably didn't take the war too seriously. So he took me with him, to help him load the wood.
Anyway, a group of soldiers came up to us, one of them came up to my window and said, "Do you know who I am?" I know, I said, "You're a Chetnik!" The guy got angry at that and they took me and the old man out of the truck.
Then they took the old man somewhere behind the truck, and he told me to turn around and decided that he had a nice head.
The next thing I knew, we were back in the truck and the same guy came up to me and asked if I knew who he was? I didn't know, I answered this time. Well, that's it, he said, and they let us go.
The old man loaded the wood into the truck himself, told me to stay inside, and when he returned, the Chetniks were gone. The old man usually parked the truck near the church of St. Francis and one morning he found it on fire.


We went non-stop to the Cobra video store in Zadar on the peninsula, my mom and I. One day I went there, watching movies, and a new employee leaned against the door and asked me if I saw anything I liked.
I said no, I didn't even bother, I had watched almost everything. At that moment, the movie stopped, so I went back, but there was no one in the video store. I decided to pay when I got back, took one movie and went home.
Tomorrow or the day after, I returned the movie, the video store was packed, I offered my hand to Braco, the owner of the video store, but he didn't accept it and pulled a gun on me.
My movie stopped, and I went home. The VCR broke, an Akai, and I stopped going to get movies, and the video store moved to Bulevar.
Once I went to Bulevar and asked for a movie, but the woman told me they didn't have it.

1999. I finished high school and my mother sent me to enroll in Geodesy. She had some connections up there since she worked in the Cadastre, which, I believe, helped me with the entrance exam, and I soon moved up there.
I lived in an apartment with Zana and Filip. Zana was a classmate from elementary school, and Filip was my best friend. I contacted my classmate from high school, Ana, who I had a crush on in the first year of high school, and she invited me to her apartment.
Her roommate said I was incredibly handsome and through a chat she said she would like someone experienced in bed.
To cut a long story short, her roommate, Sandra, came to our apartment, stripped naked in my bed and started doing some bizarre dominatrix stuff, which only confused me.
She was surprised so I asked her if she wanted her roommate Filip to come over. She said she could. Filip came while I was going back to the kitchen, and then he came back and said that she fucked him.
I went back into the room and then she said that she couldn't believe what kind of person I was, and that's where we broke up in a semi-normal way. I didn't know it at the time, but she worked as a stripper, and she didn't want any kind of relationship.
We organized a party in the apartment, got drunk and smoked like crazy, one girl stole my original Zippo mini lighter and that was the beginning of my alcoholism.
My old man gave me his entire salary, about 3600kn, but back then it was worth 8-9000kn today.
Anyway, Ana wanted me to visit again, after I told her that I fucked her roommate, and she told me that she broke the table yesterday with her boyfriend in the kitchen,
but then she started waving her ass in front of my face while she was looking for a book in the drawer like crazy. She wanted me to fuck her, but I didn't want to make a fuss about her at the mere mention of her being in a relationship.
When I left, we never saw or heard from each other again. I met a new aunt and went out on a date with her.
She was older than me, more serious, and I played the role of a clown by climbing the cement gnomes on the sidewalk as we walked around Zagreb.
Basically, two tall guys appeared out of nowhere, one took out a knife and started toward me, and the other pushed her against the wall and she yelled at me to run.
I didn't think it through very well and ran away, ran into a tavern two streets down, and in the tavern I remembered that I should have defended her, jumped out at the next stop, and hurried back, but there was no one there anymore.
One day, in a discussion with the team in the apartment, I defended gay rights, and later my roommate Filip suggested that he would like to try it with a man. He talked me into it.
We gave each other a blowjob, but I couldn't get it up for him or for men at all, even though Filip's naked ass was right in front of me.
I also refused his request to fuck me in the ass, and I woke up in the morning with my brain as if I had had a stroke in a dream and with a sore ass.
For some reason, the idea that I had been raped never occurred to me, nor was there any way I could prove it without being embarrassing.
There was no washing machine in the apartment, and when I received my clothes back from the old man, washed, I met a girl I knew in Zadar, but only for a small fee.
We chatted, she came to our house and fell in love with our roommate Filip, whom she deflowered a few days later.
While the three of us were waiting for a long time by the cibona, and we didn't know that Zadar was playing a basketball game there, some boys approached us, put a knife to Filip's throat and asked him where he was from.
He said he was from Zagreb, so they left. I guess the robbery continued a day later, and after that I went to Zadar to get a pistol, which I later carried around Zagreb. Filip shitted like a turtle.
In our usual station, the fifth element, one day, I noticed a girl sitting and looking as if her world had collapsed.
If she wanted to start moving, she smiled and started dancing. I approached her and she stuck her tongue up to my Adam's apple. It was mostly for a relationship.
I wrote her poems, so for Valentine's Day she gave me a cookbook with some poem from the internet, which disappointed me and my reaction hurt her, so I ran after her around Zagreb like in the movies to apologize.
When winter came, I fucked her on a snow-covered football field, in public, in broad daylight.
Once she told me that she was the waiter from the bar where we used to go, so she stuck her head under the table and started to fuck me. The waiter walked by and I made a face, what am I going to do, there's nothing I can do about it.
One day she said that her parents were going to Trakošćan for the weekend, and that weekend I probably spent about 20 hours a day with her out of 24 hours. So that later I could meet her parents and drink some nasty pickle that her father offered me.
And she wanted me to spend it on her brother's bed. Anyway, once I was dead drunk and invited some other girl to Kulusic, brought her home, but nothing happened,
and later admitted to Ivana that another girl had slept in my bed. The friend I was talking to slept with Zana in the bed, but I don't think Zana did anything.
My girl got pissed when I told her she had slept in my bed.
Anyway, the next fuck with Ivana was weird, it felt like she was being fondled by someone with a bigger dick than mine, but I didn't say a word.
The next fuck with Ivan was strange, it felt like she was being fondled by someone with a bigger dick than mine, but I didn't say a word.
Once I followed her home, and in front of some evil crew in the underpass, she said that I was from Zadar.
On the way back, they started following me, so my movie stopped and two policemen appeared from somewhere and asked for their IDs. One of the crew later ran into the train station with me and threatened someone in a loud voice.
You guessed it, college wasn't my primary concern, so when the dream summed it all up, I realized that my parents back home were living on a salary,
and I was in ZG non-stop without pay because one of my roommates was stealing from me, so I decided to return to Zadar.
So I did. Ivana gave me 50kn for the bus to Zadar, as some kind of farewell gift. Filip later told me that she was hitting on him. My "study" lasted about 7 months.


I was on forum.hru, wasting time, and some aunt ran in and asked me if I wanted a drink. Of course, I said, scared, I thought someone was going to beat me up.
We agreed to meet at the bridge, and I made myself look good there, when there she was and she said she would take me for a drink. A chick, and I'm not really crazy about chicks.
To make things even weirder, she navigates through Zadar as if it were her city, not that it was her first time there, and she navigates straight to my favorite pub on the Riva, where we settled on the terrace.
Strange to me, paranoia is working 100%, but I'm not saying anything. On the way, she said that she was staying at the Kolovare hotel, and that I should never stay there because the hotel is terrible.
It was strange to me that we met at the bridge again, even though the Kolovare hotel is on the other side of the street, but I'm not saying anything.
She ordered a beer and I ordered a coffee, I guess she didn't know me that well, or she was stressed and started making up stories.
It turned out that she had come to Zadar as a translator and was translating about fishing nets. I was amazed because my English is excellent, but not so much that I knew all those words.
Basically, I told her that I was thinking half in Croatian, half in English, and she got a real light bulb and said that no one thinks in English, and she said "I don't know, tree".
I said "črii", to explain to her that I was serious. And bit by bit, we drank ours, and she asked me if I would go to a hotel with her.
So I wasn't just a casual drink, but also casual sex, and it seems that the whole thing was arranged with several people. So that I wouldn't lose my kidney?
She already told me not to go to that hotel?
And I refused, it was too strange for me, and she wasn't my type either. I liked that I was tense, unless some mafia sent it to me.
They broke up, I went straight home and saw that she had posted a photo of herself sitting by the sea on Facebook. Too bad, I thought, if you had played your cards differently, it couldn't have happened.
I called her once or twice after that, but she sounded aggressive, so I deleted her number.


Some aunt came to me on forum.hru and said she was coming to a concert in Zadar. The concert was on the plains, and she supposedly didn't know where it was.
Anyway, she came, we met and started walking around the city. A funny girl, but she seemed lost in time and space, something like a lost lamb.
My first instinct was to protect her. She didn't give off any kind of sex aura, she looked more like someone being beaten by her boyfriend or husband.
When we passed near the Sun Salutation, I felt the air was heavy and asked her if she had an umbrella, because it was supposed to rain if I was right.
She said she didn't, so I asked her if she wanted to run home to get an umbrella, just wait for me in front of the building. She refused.
When we reached the Vladimir Nazor Park, a small park, the thought "now attack her" appeared in my crazy brain.
I scolded the voice and she reached for her purse. I assumed she had pepper spray or a taser.
I started, under stress, to wonder if she had heard the voice and curse my own brain, when she interrupted my thoughts and asked if we were close.
I thought she probably thought I was some maniac taking her to the forest to rape her, but to my relief we ran into a crowd of people who were also waiting for the concert. We were both happy to be there. She climbed up a wall and sat down and put a map next to her and I looked behind her and saw a 20m fucking abyss behind her. She was dead. I warned her, she didn't. But then she went down anyway because the concert was about to start, I caught her coming down, greeted her nicely and for some reason kissed her on the cheek. I went home. During the concert it started to rain and I sent her a text message, but she didn't answer. I thought it would be a good idea to go there with an umbrella, and walk with her to the station on the way because she said she didn't know how to get there, but I changed my mind since I sent her another text message and asked her and she didn't answer. I thought she was enjoying the concert and wasn't looking at her phone. I deleted her number nicely and fell asleep. Nick was her SubSv.


The fact is that there is a word that, when I hear it, my conscious self switches off and I go into submissive mode.
Once, a friend asked me to write it letter by letter on a piece of paper, and when I wrote the whole word and said it, the friend disappeared.
Once, I told my father that I didn't take my pills last night, only to turn around and go to my room and take my pills at 6 pm, even though I usually take them before bed.
Now imagine a scenario, you go out into the city, someone says that word to you and records you on your cell phone agreeing to have sex for a kuna, you suck his dick and he walks away.
You don't remember what happened, except that for some unknown reason you have a kuna to spare, and everyone who watched the video doesn't know that they watched a rape but thinks you're a whore, and for a kuna.

One morning I woke up and thought I was going to my local bar for a macchiato, the bizarre cafe, but I woke up before it opened.
When I got back, another bar was open, so I read the newspaper and drank coffee there.
The next day I woke up later, but the day after that it was too early again. I went back to that other bar, when the waitress asked me if I was just coming in on her shift?
And what am I going to do, I made out with her, and invited her for a drink. She agreed. Blonde, slightly wavy hair, something like a Texas blonde bombshell.
While drinking, she said she was a 4th year student of culture and tourism and was working to finance her college education as a waitress. After a smoke on the waterfront, she said she was a virgin.
2 years older than me. It was time for me to go and do my military service, and the first weekend after the oath, I brought her to my house and deflowered her.
And she really was a virgin, everything inside was glued together, I must have tried really hard.
Everything would have been fine if I hadn't been woken up by someone else's dick in my ass in the army, and after a short fight, a handkerchief was put over my mouth and I forgot everything the next day.
Even my colleagues told me what happened, but I wasn't in the mood. Jadranka, my girlfriend, that blonde, then sent me a letter in which she wrote in a weird way that she had a strong libido and wouldn't wait for me.
In the army, the team tells a joke about a guy whose wife gave birth to a brother. They rape me a few more times, I experience my first visual illusion, only I see an officer and no one else.
My father buys me a car, a red car arrives. A girl comes to visit me, but I'm so fucked up that I didn't even remember to kiss her, let alone fuck her somewhere.
The army ends, my girlfriend passes the bar where she works, and in that new one my best friend hangs out with her.
One day a girl calls me behind the bar to give me a blowjob, a friend comes after us, and she tells him that he'll get it later. We break up.
I get rumors that she sleeps with everyone I'm good with, and one day the owner of the bar under my building tells me that my neighbor has a daughter with some blonde from Varazdin.
When I ask him why he's telling me this, he keeps quiet. I meet a psychologist and a security guard while I'm working as a security guard at a nightclub in Gazenica. We get along well, and one day the security guard suggests we go to a parachutist club in Split.
I drive us there, the parachutists ask us what we think about gays, and the psychologist and I say that we're not into them. For some reason, the security guard hands me a knife, but I lose consciousness.
After the movie, we part ways and head back to Zadar, I ask why the fuck we came to Split in the first place, and I say that my ass hurts from the uncomfortable seat in the gay pride. The psychologist says that he does too.
One day I go out drinking with a psychologist and he says that the security guard found some blonde, a bombshell, and that she got him when he changed his profession and became an architect because he learned to use AutoCAD.
But, apparently, he had an accident, because when he came with a ring to propose to the blonde, he found her and his best friend together.
I go to guard a marina, where they say that a fellow security guard, a friend from high school, fucked a blonde at work, high on heroin, and that he passed out.
I am briefly transported to a construction site, where some guy asks me if he can take a picture of me while I am sitting on a ladder eating a sandwich,
and those ladders were so poorly designed that the upper part did not continue onto a flat plate, and it was impossible to climb up at all, the upper floor of the stairs went right to the top of these.
I assume that photo was mocked in some circles for at least a week.
I invite Jadranka to a drink in Downtown, she says she works on a cruise ship and is thinking about a cappuccino with some black Jamaican guy. When she left after the party,
I noticed some strange-looking group coming down the stairs and that's when my memory stops. I call Jadranka a day later, she doesn't want to answer,
so I give Andrej her number and she tells him on her cell phone that I'm sick. About ten years later I see a picture of her in the square with her daughter on the 057info portal.
Andrej tells me that he could have read her but that it wasn't her colleague with the horse face.

We went on a trip in elementary school by train. We went outside and walked around the edges, passed an armored wagon, and came to a locomotive on which there was no one.
We started to make a mess and I pulled the brake in the opposite position, so the back door went back. But Marko Šarin's dosha came and he pulled again.
We got scared and turned back, and I dreamed that I was outside the last car we were in and saw the locomotive falling into some abyss.
She shouted sleep to the others, so we jumped off the train. Someone said that Tito was in an armored wagon. A young, tall fair-haired boy appeared and asked me what was wrong, but the children claimed that it was my fault.
I went to school and shared a desk with Roma, whom everyone called a gypsy, and he lived in a small house at the foot of the stadium street, 100 meters from where I was a tenant.
One day I called him a gypsy, not knowing it was an insult, so he suggested I meet his father. I entered their house, his father knew who I was, then I remember that I was leaving the house with a sore ass, and that tall, skinny figure appeared again, asking me what happened.
When I was 4 years old, a neighbor, a skinny tall guy in the stadium, offered me yogurt. I noticed it was a little open, just tried it and said it tasted disgusting.
Then some guy next to me scooped up that yogurt. The neighbor asked Bucko if he wanted to come play with him and Bucko agreed.
I also requested, but he told me to come at 2 in the afternoon. I arrived, no one opened the door after 5 minutes, but when I left, my butt hurt.
In the garden, in the yard, in the stadium, there were some doors and stairs that led down, underground. One day several people came down, and a lady told me that the door had to be left open. Out of desperation, I closed them when they came down, and San went home and said that to the old man, and he went there, then came back and said that he had locked the door.
During the war, I was 14 years old in 93e, and my neighbor Dalibor gave me a Motorola in the shelter to call the defenders. I mentioned the Maslenitsa campaign, not knowing that I shouldn't mention it, so I introduced myself when asked. I think more people died than should have because of my stupidity.
One day, there was a story on the Internet about the theft of a bag in a jam, and I said that my father always brags that bags get jammed and that he has stolen millions so far.
Upon request, I gave my father's full information.


I ran into her on a whim, that's how she opened her profile. We chatted and she said she had to visit a relative in Germany, so we stopped communicating.
She called me after work a while ago and said she would come to see me. She came, I was working as a security guard, so she came to my place of work in a taxi.
I got a probation violation and almost got a ticket, so instead of a ticket I had to work Christmas night and New Year's night.
I told the probation officer that I had just met this chick, and he let me do neither. After work, he drove her to her summer house in Nin and they broke up there.
After that, she returned to Zagreb, said that she and her mother-in-law had sold a house near Zagreb and bought a small apartment in Suturena in Zagreb, and she would live there, and her mother-in-law would live in Nin.
A week later, she told me to come to Zagreb, because she had bought me a little Husky, and she couldn't take care of him herself. I'm quitting and moving up.
She demanded sex once a week, not every day like I wanted, and that thing wasn't working out well for me anyway. Sandra, my friend from Zadar, called me and asked me to give her Mira on her cell phone.
I found out that the relative she went to before me was a dealer who kept a kilo of cocaine and marijuana on his desk.
Anyway, I got a job at Sokol Marica a month later, guarding a parking lot with armored cars, and just then one of the armored cars was shot out of the trunk and the team came in shock.
I gave my girlfriend my entire salary, which she kept in a drawer in the kitchen. Once she took me to see a mini wallet, checkered, so I took the money, bought it, and surprised her when she woke up.
Another time she said she had nothing to dry her hair with, so I walked along Ilica and bought her a hairdryer on the top floor of the Name. She said it was perfect. Then we found her some shoes and stuff.
Anyway, one day she said she was wasting her life, so I suggested she go out with her friends.
She did that and when she got back she said she had given her cell phone number to a physics student, apologized to me and deleted his number.
Then while I was in the nightstand she asked us to correspond, text after text, all night. I refused and ran home from work to see what was going on, and since the apartment was in the basement, the window was a little above the road.
I looked inside and saw some guy was wasting it. I went inside, the apartment was empty. He went back to work and in the morning when I was coming back from work I saw a guy just coming out of the post office, he looked at me and left.
I went inside, she was sleeping, I gave her a kiss on the forehead and when she woke up I asked where she was last night. She said she went for a walk.
She asked for sex, and when I pulled my little one out of her, someone's sperm was in the middle of my genitals, from above.
I decided to quit, return to Zadar, but keep Walter, the husky.
Later, I fucked her again in Zadar and officially broke up with her, only for her to tell me that the breakup had broken her and that her friends had helped her a lot.

They call him Pope, his last name is Popovic, I don't know his first name, he worked for Otiton, a company that sells hearing aids. He quit and I asked if I could get a job, so his director accepted me.
When I got to work, I was told that the director was paying some student in the university, who later became a doctor and sent him patients.
I mostly smoked weed at work, played games and occasionally even did something. My task was to take my social security papers to the office before they expired during my lunch break.
Pope called me and told me to go to a website, where I could fill out a form for something that looked like some kind of program for mentally ill children.
He told me to type in the name of the Sibenik hacker, the leader of the Anonymous group, which I did, but I didn't know his details. While I was on that page, the screen flashed as if someone had triggered a screenie.
I could have typed in the child's name, his parents, and what would have happened after that, I didn't know. I tried to type in myself, and got some kind of return error, so I gave up on it.
Google was launched just then and I search for everything alive that comes to mind, mostly of a sexual nature. Filip gives me a porn CD, so I look for what was on that CD online.
I spent my time on usenet because Pope told me to save the internet. My accountant called me from zg and told me to switch line 1 to line 2 on the router, which I did because we had some kind of problem with the phone.
Then someone accessed my computer, while I was drunk at the company, and I remember my brain accessing something very distant, and at the end of some litany in my head, saying "Igneos Eructid".
I didn't know it at the time, but that was the beginning of my schizophrenia. After that, my brain goes into a beautiful k. I brag on the internet that I was sitting in an armored American car at a friend's house in Sukosan.
I think his father is going to jail for this, but Andrej, his son, tells me that he was keeping cocaine, so I didn't even connect. I'm late taking the securities to the social security office,
so I get a headache and we set up the table where I was supposed to take people's ear prints. Soon they tell me that they're closing the branch, the salary is late, and that I'll be fired. Apparently they've diverted traffic to Split.
A little girl arrives, deaf in both ears, with two digital hearing aids. I set everything up in the program, but I don't know that the hearing aids are activated remotely. The girl lies that she can hear, and I send her home with her mother.
My brain is already in a mess, I take 1000kn from the cash register, and I figure I'll give it back when the payday comes, but some guy comes and we close the branch and he puts everything in the trunk of the car,
without checking the cash register. When I was looking for a new job, the company called me and said they had about 1000kn in arrears to pay off, and they paid it to me. For some unknown reason, I didn't plead guilty.
I intend to throw the CD, along with a bunch of old CDs, in the trash, but Dubravko Marušić, a waiter at the Downtown bar, asks me to bring them to him, which I do.

While I was babysitting Elka in Gazenica, I met Ivica Stručić, a security guard. Then I met his friend, Davor, a psychologist (I think they are both Serbs).
The three of us hung out, and I even went on a double date with my girlfriend Branka and Struko.
Struko says one day that he saw a girl in the city who told him she was open to any suggestions, but he didn't take it, so she was smoking in the car with some guy later.
I didn't realize it was figurative at the time, but he was thinking of me. I also meet their friend, whose name I unfortunately forgot.
Struko admits to me one day that he is a virgin, so I tell Davor, who makes fun of him. Anyway, Struko suggests one day in Gagice that we go to his paratrooper friends in Split.
I'm driving him, Davor and my air traffic controller friend (who was a pilot at the time) with whom I drove a couple of times there in my father's new Kia Pride.
We were met by two friends in a small town, and while driving in reverse at a traffic light, they leaned against my car.
Basically, come there, and the character of me and Davor asks what we think about gays. I say that I don't like them, and Davor that he doesn't like them either.
And the figure moves his finger en ten tini towards the two of us, then Struko hands me a knife, but I don't know what to do with the knife, and they put a handkerchief over my mouth.
The next scene, we are at the same place, and they tell us good, you can, etc. The flight controller asks me "so you don't remember?". And they escorted us out of Split.
I drive us back, we stay on the reserve, at the last moment we find a pump, I fill up and drive us to Zadar. In the car, I declare that my ass hurts in the uncomfortable Kia Pride, and Davor says that he does too.
When I asked why the hell we were coming to Split, everyone was silent.

I don't remember where I met her, maybe on a whim? Anyway, her name was Paula or Paola and she was absolutely the ugliest female creature I've ever seen.
My first thought was that she was killing herself with cock. All my exes were top model-level, this one wasn't average, but way below average, a mistake of nature.
Which triggered the kinky thing in me, so we started talking.
She said she had problems with her ovaries and that's why she couldn't get pregnant, and she insisted on having unprotected sex.
No, girl, girl, I remember sitting in a park on a bench and she started to fuck me and just then some jogger ran past us and saw us.
Later I realized that some high school girl and some boy also saw us, on a bench a little further from us, and the girl glared at me as we passed.
She said that her father was a policeman who made her suck his dick every now and then. And she used to work as a flower seller at a cemetery.
Anyway, she came to my house, asked for sex, took off her clothes in my room and demanded that I wait while she took off her clothes. Then she called me in.
The sex lasted maybe a minute, and she was loud, when she suddenly got out of bed and said she was going home. When I asked again, she said she had to go.
Well, I didn't even cum, I protested, and she asked about it and you didn't, so she went back to bed. A minute later she said she was going home again. I was confused again, but I kept quiet.
The next day there she was again and the story repeated itself. I concluded that she thought I had cummed so she went home to check if she was pregnant. And I didn't even manage to cum once, let alone inside her.
And I didn't, I went for a beer. She called me on my cell phone and I said I was having a beer, and she, in the manner of the worst prostitute in the world, shouted and you drank. I don't drink, what's wrong with you, one beer.
And then we got into an argument and I fucked her. Fuck off and fuck off, huh, she yelled, you'll pay me! And that was the last I saw of her.
Some time later, I put my cell phone on the snoop for sale, a guy answers and asks me to come to a pub in Vostarnica. I come, he's not there.
After I leave, a group of men at a table stop me and one of them takes my cell phone but doesn't want to pay for it. I didn't want to cause trouble, and I was alone, and there were a lot of them, so I calmly walked out.
I walked around the pub and tried to figure out why they were asking me about my girlfriend, but I got psychotic and I felt like going crazy. I was about to go home when some guy across the street waved at me.
I figured he wasn't the one who should come get my cell phone, so I asked him, and he said not to worry, let me drop some package in that pub and go home. That's what I did.
A few days later, I read in the newspaper that a pub had blown up in Vosto, and I was wondering if it was the same one.

I think I went to Info 96, an IT fair in Zagreb, at the end of 1996. The bus came to a bridge that the HDZ party had just opened for traffic,
and a woman in a suit got on the bus and offered us some cookies. I went with Filip and Antun. I went to the same fair again in 1998, and I don't remember anymore,
either the first or the second time there was a simulator of the OS/2 Warp operating system at the fair, a big can that could fit a dozen people, with a big screen and hydraulics, all powered by OS/2.
Filip called me in, and when I sat down, someone blocked the door so that I couldn't get in or out, and I think Antun, who was sitting behind me, put a tissue over my mouth.
After that, it was as if nothing happened, the only thing I remember is that the man in the first row was angry and demanded that the door be opened so he could get out. In 99, during my studies in Zagreb,
I was hitting on a girl at the bus station and rolling balls, and she offered to sign me up for Big Brother, and then recorded me on something like a cell phone or a dictaphone agreeing.
I didn't know what I was agreeing to, I didn't even know what Big Brother was because it didn't exist back then, i.e. I hadn't heard of it. I just wanted to take her to bed.
Anyway, after I headed towards the tram at the bus station, some man got out of the tram and put some kind of folder on my chest.
I thought he was confused or had a seizure, so I threw it in a nearby dumpster. I told Filip and someone else when I got home what happened, because I found it terribly strange,
and they went to the station afterwards. When they came back, they said they couldn't find the folder. Anyway, Antun aggressively asked me once if I wanted to give him a blowjob while I was at his company,
and at that moment I thought he was kidding, only to realize two things later. First, he's gay. Second, I seem to become submissive after hypnosis,
which is a word and I have to listen to whatever someone says to me in an aggressive tone. I don't remember anything after that. Antun must have either mispronounced it or said the wrong word.
Then Antun's friend, Ivica Paleka, invited me to his company, and we sat down in a nearby café, so Ivica could ask if he could record our conversation.
I agreed, expecting some kind of joke, but Ivica said that he would agree to everyone watching him do what he was doing on the computer. I would too, I said, prompted by him.
At that moment, Andrej appeared and was pleased when Ivica told him that he had recorded the conversation. I go to report 13 years of hacking to the police,
and a day later Andrej invites me for coffee near the police station. I arrive, and Andrej shows me the bruises and scars, but he doesn't want to say who beat him.
On Facebook, I see a picture of Ivica's company and Ivica holding his face in his hands while the police take his computers out of the company. The police tell me that the hacker is out of the country and that the police can't do anything.
The hacking continues to this day. Not long after, Filip (his last name is Fiala) calls me to a pizzeria near the Sacred Heart Church.
After a brief conversation about 100 Euros, I lose consciousness and come to my senses, but I find myself outside the pizzeria.
I go back inside, Filip orders lasagna for himself and his two friends, and no one gives me a 5% discount. When I ask why I came here, no one answers.
One of the guests at the bar reveals to me, through a tip, that some guy paid Filip 100 Euros to rape me. I assume Filip used his word on me and bought lasagna with the money. I'm going home.

Goran, this is Sandra. Roko, the owner of the student bar I was hanging out at, said. At first, Sandra and I were both confused, but we spontaneously approached each other, shook hands, and introduced ourselves.
The next day, I rushed to her table in the same bar and started chatting. She had a humpbacked nose, slightly wavy dark brown hair, a beautiful smile, and she was studying English and Italian.
I started with a serious chat, but as I became more relaxed, I started joking around more and more. She laughed at my antics and we started spending 16 hours a day together.
A week later, she found a boyfriend. Nothing was clear to me, I was already head over heels in love, but I also accepted her boyfriend as my own friend. Now our time together became rarer.
Over the next few years, she had 4 boyfriends and a few girlfriends, she failed college and enrolled in preschool education. I was mostly a shoulder to cry on and a ride from point a to point b.
My crush turned into love, I couldn't fuck her off, I just silently endured everything served. One day we were sitting in the Maya pub and out of the blue she suggested we break up.
She had a boyfriend and I said she could be with me if she broke up with him. I refused sex.
That didn't suit her so she broke up with some photographer instead, which caused her relationship to end and her diver boyfriend punching the photographer in the head. She never mentioned sex with me again.
One day she lost her boyfriend, and we were sitting next to a theater under construction on the peninsula in a pub, and she said she had to go to the pharmacy, but that she was already bored of Zadar and wanted a change.
An idea came to me and I said we could go find a way through that theater under construction. She smiled and said let's go.
We were both exploring the inside of that theater, each on our own side, and I yelled to her that I had found a passage. And she said, come upstairs.
And I thought to myself, what an idiot, and at that moment the movie stopped, then came back, my head in a fog, and she was standing next to me. I was confused, but I didn't say anything, and we went to the pharmacy through the passage I had found.
At 4 corners I told her that I was terribly tired, and that I was going home to rest, she said okay, and I went home and fell asleep like a log.
A few days later I was waiting for her in that same bar with her friend, Antonija, and Antonija took some pills out of her purse, which reminded me of birth control pills. There were a bunch of them missing.
I asked her if that was what I thought it was, and Antonija clicked one and asked me if I liked it. I say, and it was true, that she and Sandra are the two most beautiful women I've ever seen.
Antonija points her finger at the theater under construction and I wonder what that means to her now. The movie pauses again, and the guy returns, it dawns on me that Antonija wants sex and I ask her if she wants to go to the theater for a fuck.
She says she doesn't. At that moment, a waitress comes over, asks me something about the theater, and with my brain still foggy, I ask the waitress for some unknown reason if she wants to go to the theater.
The waitress starts laughing and says she doesn't want to. A week later, I meet a girl at Iskrica, who buys me a little husky and tells me to move to Zagreb with her. That's what I do.
I stayed in superficial contact with Sandra and Antonija for a while longer and then deleted their numbers. I think Antonija is now engaged and lives in Australia, and Sandra got married and had a nose job.

One day I went for a walk with Walter, my husky, and on the promenade Ante Mitrovic, a waiter from downtown, approached me. He asked me out of the blue if I wanted to fuck his wife, who was standing a few meters away.
I said no, and he said he can't have children. I said I have a penis, find someone with better genes. He said it doesn't matter, but Walter dragged me further. The next scene, Ante returns with my dog, who is limping, and I go home and fall asleep like a log. I see Ante and his wife with two children on Facebook ten years later.
So, in theory, I am the father of their daughter and son, Jadranka's daughter and Albina's son.

Filip introduced me to Marko. In the arcade. He immediately took a liking to me, a city kid like me, with the obligatory flute here and there. I hung out with Marko and went everywhere with him.
When he did some legal and some illegal things, but after the latter I told him not to call me anymore when he did such things, because it's one thing to be someone's company, and another to be a partner in crime.
Filip then introduced me to a girl who had huge tits. That resulted in me dating her and having sex in my car.
I got high with Marko all day long, and lost a lot of weight, and in the evening I would be with my girlfriend. Everything would have been fine, if one evening I hadn't driven to Split with Marko in the car, high.
We were smoking weed in the car when my girlfriend called me on my cell phone. When I told her where I was and where I was going, she said she wanted to break up. I accepted that, and drove the two of us back to Zadar.
The next day I was with Marko in Arkade and he asked me if he could get a deal on my car. I said okay, I guess the guy is interested.
And we sit down and he hits the gas, he rushes past the maritime school into the ditch at full throttle, and I think he's hitting someone in the right rearview mirror.
An old man on a bicycle in front of us waves us to stop, I tell Marko to turn off the car, and that I'm going to get out, and he hits the gas again, turns right and rushes straight to the roundabout.
He starts up there and I yell at him and tell him that I'll never give him a car again. I get behind the wheel and we go. He invites me to his house that evening.
I come, and on the chair in front of me is a box of gum. Those notes in a folding box. I take one and tell Marko what kind of gum it is, it melted, give me another, and he says that one is enough for you and takes the box.
My head is a total mess, I hear a guy saying to me from his wall "you're dead", without seeing him. Marko looks at me and smiles.
No, I say goodbye to him and go home, with a film of the film while I was driving and fall asleep at home.
The next afternoon I come to his house uninvited, but with no idea what the hell happened last night, and Marko asks me if I want him to hypnotize me.
I, convinced that he doesn't know and that it's impossible, go ahead.
And he takes out his wristwatch, on a chain, starts swinging it and says tell me what time it is. I say and smile, thinking what an idiot. How many minutes is it? I say. How many seconds is it? I say. Now he's counting the seconds.
And I count when suddenly the time on the watch is completely different. I turn around and see that it's dark outside, and it was daytime when I came. I say goodbye to him and go home, completely confused.
At home I lie down in bed and feel something leaking from my anus, but at that moment I ignore it and fall asleep. I think about what I'm going to do tomorrow, and I just send him a text message saying that I don't want to see him anymore.
In the meantime, I've got a job as a seasonal worker for Tisak, as a newspaper delivery driver. I have auditory and visual hallucinations while working, I make a lot of mistakes in sorting newspapers, and my colleagues steal newspapers from me.
Instead of my 5000kn salary, I get 4000. While I was in Vir, I meet a girl at the Slobodna Dalmacija kiosk. She says she doesn't like me.
I tell my old man about her, and he must have told her something and she texted me afterwards. We met up for a drink and got to know each other.
Once I fucked her in Sabunike and I told her that they told me she was beautiful, which was true, but that's what my voices told me.
A group of guys see us and shout, "Master, leave something for us too," and I say, "I can't, I put it all in." The guys come up to us and say, "Okay, it's a girl," and we both die laughing.
I cum inside her one night, and I think I've ejaculated the biggest amount I've ever had, and a few days later she tells me she's pregnant. Marko shows up on her island, Vir.
My parents take me to a psychiatrist and I'm diagnosed with schizophrenia. I tell her I want her to have a baby, but she wants me to marry her.
I show her the papers from the hospital and tell her I don't want to get married, but I'll acknowledge the child. She protests when I tell her on the phone the next day, and I take her to the gynecologist.
While she was having the abortion, they shave a film in a pumpkin for me, she comes out and says she'll pay the woman, I'm confused, and I tell the doctor I'll pay him another time.
I go home, call my old lady, then my old man, then my friend's salary, I've got 1800kn, and the girl calls me and I tell her it's New Year's, that everyone's spent money on Christmas, and no one has any money.
She breaks up with me. My old lady later tells me to call her so she can sort out the salary somehow, which I do, but the girl doesn't want to answer my cell phone anymore. I've been pestering her for days, until she blocked me.
I only saw her years later, when a guy drove her to the marina in my nightgown, and when she went to spend an hour with two Italians on a yacht.

20+ years ago, a friend of a friend made a prank and added me to AI assisted thinking program, which was a simple web page with a form.
At company we worked I was ordered to switch phone line 1 to phone line 2 on router.
After that, I developed schizophrenia. What I think happened is that AI does help people with mental difficulties, but causes a mental illness to normal people if exposed to it for long.
And it seems the assist is coming via 2nd phone line. I also think entire earth population was added to that programme some time later,
and the only way to stay sane is to have your phone plugged into line 1 on your router. Possibly also sim 1 on your phone.

I worked for Croit, a toy wholesaler. On my first day at work, I drove to get my driver's license in a Fiat Fiorino.
One day, stinking after work, I sat down at a bar on my way home, and Andrej's parents, who were my best friend, sat down next to me.
His father commented on my sweat. Andrej came over, so we walked to Borik, sat down at a bar, and I had just gotten my paycheck.
Andrej filmed two girls at the next table, and asked me to pay him a couple of dollars to get the courage to approach them. Then he rushed over and invited me to join them. Both of us were virgins, we had never had a girlfriend. The girls' names were Tina and Slavica, and they were going to The Beat Fleet's concert at Barracuda. ​​They invited us to go with them, so I bought tickets for myself and Andrej. The Beat Fleet was presenting the Ping Pong album.
Upon our return, we followed the girls home, to Plovanija, we both got what I think was our first kiss in our lives, so Andrej carried me around for about 20 minutes, all excited. A week later, Slavica came to spend the night at my place, but I was terribly tired and fell asleep next to her. She woke me up at 5 am, said that her ferry was leaving at 6 am, so she took off her clothes and rode me. I was so embarrassed that I tried to put my penis into that thing through her panties. I was overjoyed when she suggested that she take off her panties. Anyway, she lay down, naked, in a kind of missionary position with her legs behind her ears, I started to fuck her, but she held me tightly by both hands. I asked her if she was okay and if she wanted me to stop, she didn't say anything, she just held me tightly. I pulled my little one out because I could see that something was wrong, and she asked me if I had come. I said no, and I really didn't. She didn't want to explain anything. He walked him to the ferry, then they kissed and parted ways.
A few days later, at Tina's pizzeria, her friends were talking about some figurative rape, and I couldn't figure out who I raped.
I think Tina didn't give it to Andrej, and I broke up with Slavica after a month and 16 days of dating because she said there was some guy she had to go to if he called her, which really bothered my jealous self.
Slavica asked me if I was thinking or thinking, but a donkey thinks, so I said I was thinking, to which she gave a good answer, but if I remember correctly,
I think she contacted either a witch or a magician or a telepath to attack me. I didn't even know that she approached my old lady at the Land Registry, told her that
I raped her, and asked my old lady to sort out some construction papers for her.


Interesting how my father tells me to go look for help. Go and heal yourself, as they say. And then he asks me which of the two of us is normal.
Well, dear dad, tell me, is it normal to write on a shell without a board, because you know that I won't put the board down, so I sit in your piss?
And still step in your pool next to the shell? Is it normal to hypnotize and hit your son if he forgets to put water in the coffee?
I also noticed that the painter at the bottom of the building was avoiding me, and that day my garbage can also disappeared from the balcony. That maybe you didn't hypnotize me to take the garbage down and make a painter's bitch? Because you live for money? Is it normal to throw a spork sponge into your son's coffee or pour varekine or carli into his coffee?
Is it normal to pull your son's teeth and break his knees? Is it normal to give your son cocaine? Is it normal to take your son to anyone who wants to rape him, then buy burek for your son in the morning? Is it normal to take Easter and Christmas and HRK 1,000 extra for firewood from your son without telling him about it and rewarding him with a bag of chips? Interestingly, when the old man bought a scooter, he gave 1,000 kn less to his mother for 6 months, until he paid off the scooter, so my mother demanded that 1,000 kn from me, which I paid for 6 months. I literally bought my father a scooter. When my mother died, I gave up my half of the apartment that belonged to my father so completely, and I gave up the apartment so that my execution would not sit on the apartment. With that, I also lost my right to social assistance, because I renounced my inheritance.
The envelope given to me, at my mother's funeral, full of money, from my mother's colleagues, I immediately gave to my father, and since the lawyer charged if the apartment was worth more than 40,000 euros, he said that the apartment was worth 70,000 kuna, and the lawyers themselves paid by me.
So that I would then continue to pay off my foreclosure and partly my mother's debts for a couple of years, while my father stole from me my allowance for firewood 1000 kn a year and any Christmas or Easter.
He doesn't turn on the heating in the winter, one winter it was -17 C one morning in the living room, and the boiler set it not to release hot water for more than a minute and accused me of screwing up the boiler.
And now the wise gentleman is stealing coffee capsules from me in order to teach me not to take the butter or cheese spread or bread that he bought.
Sometimes he even steals meat from my fridge. And even though he has two full tubes of sumac, he takes one of mine. Now he has reduced from a kilo of tobacco a month to half a kilo, and my kilo, which until now always lasted me a month, now expires a week earlier. And then he keeps talking to me for half an hour because I can't refrain from smoking and I'm causing him problems because he has to call a man. So, I pay my father half the rent, 80 euros, I also give him 50 euros to get me a kilo of tobacco, I guess he expects me to pay him half a kilo because I eat the bread he bought, and he pays me back by breaking my knees and tearing teeth, and I also believe that he hypnotizes me into shouting in my sleep, because he probably doesn't hear me, and he interrogates me while I'm sleeping and makes me do pranks to the neighbors, like the one with the painter and the garbage man.
The police did not take him into custody when I reported him, even though the police said they would take him into custody based on what I told them.
So I live in a legal toilet from the state and I can either commit murder or wait for the trash to die, if I don't end up as an invalid by then.

One morning, almost 20 years ago, I woke up and heard a strange man talking to my parents. I couldn't wake up and fell asleep again.
When Saturday came, Filip called me to a wedding and invited me to come and get high with him. Apparently, some friend of his was getting married.
I arrived at the registrar's office and Filip offered me cocaine, which I refused, and then weed, which I agreed to, but the weed was terribly strong.
Then some guy came out of the registrar's office and told Filip that he needed a witness. Filip said he didn't have an ID, and I said I did, so he went inside.
I handed over my ID, the guy asked me if I had ever been married, I said no, is this your first time, I said I was just a witness, to which everyone started laughing.
When the registrar asked us to sign, I signed, and the guy said I could kiss the bride. I was confused, so Filip lifted her veil and kissed her.
I didn't manage to see what the bride looked like. I turned around while the registrar was protesting the procedure, and went out.
I think that the man in my apartment was the father of some girl. Whether the wedding went through or was annulled is still unknown to this day. The marriage was never consummated.
At the time of that wedding, three girls were in my life, in that period of time, as much as I can count, because I had just gotten sick at that time.
Albina, with whom I accidentally fathered a child, Paula or Paola, with whom I never came, and Jadranka, with whom I also never came.
Which of the three I married, I have no idea. If it's Albina, the son Ivan is mine, if it's one of the other two, the child is not mine.
I saw that Albina had a profile picture of some girl on Facebook two weeks ago. If she has a daughter, that child is not mine.

The army was interesting. My mother forced me into the army when she realized that my studies would be of no use, and completing my military service was a requirement for employment.
I liked ABKO, considering that I was a chemical technician, a team that puts on protective suits and masks and handles poison gas...
I think I had a problem with Jadranka a week before that. Jadranka was a waitress, a Texas blonde bombshell type, a 4th year student of culture and tourism, a virgin, two years older than me.
Sinj was uninteresting, basic training.
Oh yes, in Sinj I took the oath, and the old men came to pick me up in a rental car, a Renault Twingo, and they took the wrong soldier's picture at the oath, because we all looked the same, damn it.
And then I drove us home, and that weekend I lost Jadranka's virginity. And she really was a virgin, everything inside was glued together and I felt when the nes inside burst, although there was no blood.
I was in Sinj for two months and then I was sent to Marsalka, Zagreb. It was total shit there. First, everyone took the beds except for bed number 13, so I asked the guy if he wanted to change.
He agreed, and that night 4 guys raped him, and if I remember correctly, they put nes in his ear. That guy disappeared the next day. After that, I got an order to go back to that bed.
Then they raped me too, because I woke up in the middle of the action, the guy whose dick was in my ass, took out a knife from under the pillow,
but one of them grabbed me tightly by both legs through the bars of the bed.
I couldn't get up. I started to run, the guy next to me kicked me, but he held me by the wrist with all his might, the knife fell out and then they put a handkerchief on my nose, after which I didn't feel anything else.
In the morning I woke up as if I had a stroke, I don't know what I was dreaming about, the team told me that they had raped me, but I wasn't a virgin.
One day we went running, and the corporal was a short boy, and I really liked the way he ran. Short steps, relaxed, just a little faster than a brisk walk, almost like running in the city.
After about ten laps, the team fell apart, only the eight of us who were running were left. A few more laps and it was just me and the corporal. And I was fucking fat.
And the corporal said to me, running in front of me, Stambuk, give up! Why, I ask? Because I really didn't understand. And a few more laps, and the corporal gave me the go-ahead and left.
One interesting scene with an officer was when we were standing in a line in front of the barracks, and he was giving a lecture that when he asked what time it was, we had to say, thank you, sir, so and so.
He came up to me, asked me, I said, thank you, sir, I don't have a watch.
He got really pissed off at me after that, and when the evacuation started, he wanted me to jump in the shit in my protective gear, but another officer overturned his order.
Anyway, Jadranka sent me a letter in which she figuratively said that she wouldn't wait for me forever because she had a strong libido.
I was raped a couple more times, so Jadranka came over to visit, but I was so mentally fucked up that I didn't even remember to kiss her,
let alone fuck her somewhere, which is probably why she had come.
Later, they sent me to dead guard, guarding some weapons depot somewhere on the border, some hill, and there I was raped again.
My friends thought I was gay because I hadn't done anything, and I really didn't remember. Maybe even better, because I had a gun and live ammunition there, I probably would have killed them.
We went to target practice twice. The first time I loaded all 6 bullets into the black one, but into the target of the guy next to me.
The second time we went I did it again, but into my own, so they let me shoot again and moved the target twice as far.
That second time I drew a smiley face on the target, completely unconsciously.

In Zadar, at the end of the cemetery and by the Tiskova branch, there is a dentist who my grandmother once took me to. But there is also a downhill section and an industrial area that look like the end of the world.
Once my father drove me down there with him, and he got out of the van without doing anything, and on the way back, another man got in the van. A gypsy woman came up to my window, but I didn't quite understand what she was saying, and the one who replaced my father told me that she said I would be better off with her than with him and why I didn't go with her.
Years later, I take a photo of that downhill section, part of my finger remains in the photo, I share that photo somewhere, but then some professional photographer takes a photo of the same place and my photo disappears.

Some of the movie interruptions that I haven't mentioned so far:
1. While Stanko, my cousin, was driving me to college in a truck.
2. While I was delivering beer, in a truck with a colleague.
3. While I was in my neighbor's room, Dalibor Podrug.
4. While I was at the computer, and Dalibor was sitting next to me.
5. While I was in the Irish pub near 4 Kantuna.
6. While I was buying lemonade as a kid in a pastry shop on Relja.
7. While I was sitting in the former Belgrade garden.
8. While guarding the tankerkomerc marina.
9. While guarding Kemoplast in Gazenica.
10. While I was in the Maya Pub with two lesbians drinking.
I think all of the above were rapes, by different people.

One morning I hear the doorbell ring. I wake up, open the door in a daze, and it's Dalibor. He's almost yelling at me to give him back the 100 kuna he lent me, and I have a thought in my brain that I should suck his dick.
Since I'm conscious this time, I scold my brain, and tell Dalibor that it's 7 in the morning, the pension has just been paid and the bank isn't open yet, and that he'll get his paycheck around 9.
Another time I'm in his room, my movie is interrupted when he unlocks the door that he doesn't bother to lock.
The third time he's sitting next to me, I'm surprised that the song on the computer skipped, and Dalibor is buttoning up the button.
One day I found a black short-sleeved T-shirt in my room, for someone much taller than me, much longer, and recently someone else's boxer shorts.
My father gave the T-shirt to Boris because I didn't want to wear it, even though my father assured me that it was mine. I still think of boxer shorts on the tiled stove.
I've felt a stabbing pain in my butt several times, only to bleed from my butt the next day, I believe they gave me that for the infection.
And I believe I'm submissive while I'm under so the rapist uses a slightly more aggressive tone and I do whatever I'm told.
I can sell my computer or my nude pictures, but my ass is not for sale, nor have I allowed anyone to stream content from my desktop.

As the pieces in my head slowly come together, things get stranger and stranger. I bought 3 cotton white T-shirts that disappeared a month later.
I recently bought 3 more T-shirts, black, with an elastane content so I don't have to iron them, and only one is left. Furthermore, I saw a photo of a woman in the uniform of a secret Chetnik organization,
and that woman looked a lot like my mother. A few years ago I had scars from extinguished cigarettes on my legs, and currently I have one on my back, on my shoulder.
It slowly seems to me that both my father and mother are some kind of spies, and I was taken around on orders to be raped. And it seems that my father gets paid for it,
and on the way he gives them something of mine, like a T-shirt, as a memento of the rape. My screen has brown spots and little finger prints, as if a child touched the screen, and I never touch the screen with my fingers.
So I'm guessing that my father pimps me out to both women and men, and some of them are pregnant, or at least, they claim that the child is mine, so they bring the children to visit.
And since I have flea-like ness, plus psoriasis-like ness, it looks like they bring pets too. And maybe those dogs are raping me too, you're not me anymore
it would not be surprising. From which it seems only my father benefits, and I don't remember anything. No rape, no children, no men, no women, no dogs.
I think it all started when I was born, provided I wasn't a clone given to these two to raise, and my father pimped me out since I was little.
I think that even that visit to Benkovac during the war was not just let's go get wood, but let's take me to be raped by the Chetniks.

Filip (his last name is Fiala) called me one day to come to the pizzeria across the bridge, near his parish church, Srce Isusovo. I arrive, and the team at the bar is arguing with him about about 100 euros.
My movie cuts out, then comes back, but I find myself in front of the pizzeria. I go back inside, no one greets me, Filip orders lasagna for himself and his two friends and they start eating.
One of the guests at the bar explains to me that some guy paid Filip 100 euros for me to suck his dick. I go home.

Dalibor Podrug (the neighbor from the second floor) and Saša Matanović went fishing together. Once they were on Pag, and Dalibor boasted to him that he had fucked me, which resulted in Saša getting angry and driving home and leaving Dalibor to walk back to Zadar from Pag. And my father probably sponsored that rape. I still remember the scars from extinguished cigarettes on my legs. He probably borrowed money from Dalibor and instead of paying him back, he offered to rape me. They probably implanted this hypno command in my brain because they told psychiatrists that I was aggressive, so I have been suffering countless rapes for 20+ years and because of schizophrenia and hypnosis I don't remember anything. They pulled out my teeth and broke my knees. A total torture.
