She wanted to go with me to my graduation anniversary.
I said okay, because I assumed the others would come with their halves.
Almost the entire team was at the dinner, and my legal wife was grunting as she laughed while talking to them,
with a rustic drawl in her speech and I would bet she was wearing some kind of false teeth.
At that moment, Ana entered the restaurant, squinting to the point of pain, smiled at me and we started talking.
My legal wife suddenly appeared, without false teeth, introduced herself as my wife, with normal speech and offered her hand.
Ana accepted and then groaned and pulled her hand away.
She apologized to me and went to hang out with the other guests.
The rest of the evening passed peacefully.
When we went to bed, my legal wife asked me who I remembered best and I said that I had a crush on Ana in my freshman year of high school,
and she was also the class president.
At that, the legal one mounted me and started acting like Kolinda and shouting "I'll be your president!"
I smiled and grabbed her by the tits.
Look at him, the legal one said, is that how you treat a president?
I knocked her onto her back and said I'll fuck you like Croatia HDZ.
She said she would vote for me again.
When we were done, she leaned her elbow on my shoulder and asked if I regretted anything from the past.
I replied that I probably wouldn't be with her if the timeline changed, and that's why I wouldn't change anything.
She smiled, turned around, and turned off the room lamp, then came back to my shoulder and asked me if I loved her.
More than anything in the world, I replied. I wouldn't give you to anyone.
We kissed, it lasted a long time, and then she said that only she could find a liar like me, laughing.
She lay down on the pillow, and we lay there in peace for a minute, and then I said that I would fuck Ana.
Zakonita started laughing and we started hitting each other with pillows.
Finally, I grabbed both pillows, threw them on the floor, and said that I was sorry I wasn't 16 because I would fuck her until I knocked the nonsense out of her head, until tomorrow if necessary.
I trust you, she said.
We lay down again and she said quietly: together forever?
While you're doing the dishes, I replied.
She hugged me, and that's how we fell asleep.


She was crying. And wiping away her tears, she said: Forgive me, forgive me! I looked at her confused, holding the wet bouquet in her equally wet hand,
covered by the equally wet sleeve, which was part of my jacket, also wet.
I don't understand? - I said quietly, while raindrops were pouring down my face.
I...she stuttered. Forgive me, please! She somehow weakly uttered and covered her face with her hands.
While we stood like that, the movie came back to me. Slowly, in reverse.
The agreement was to meet at the bridge tonight and go have a drink. She told me to dress casually, but I had no idea what that meant, so I got really drunk.
I was thinking about my dog. The person in question ran over him while reversing quite carelessly in my yard. She broke all 4 of his legs and I had to put him down.
I know that it was difficult for her, especially since we had just met, so I didn't want to mention that event at all, so as not to make her feel guilty.
That was while she was leaving my house in the morning, after a sleepless night in my bed, full of passion and pleasure.
And that was preceded by booze when she came to my city for a convention, and took "5 minutes" to get to know me. She was a piece, I must admit.
Slender, head down from me, with slightly wavy brown hair and pearly white teeth.
She talked to me while drinking about an ex of hers with whom she had just broken up, and admitted that she had not yet "consolidated" with herself regarding him.
And that booze was preceded by banter on the forum, and several PMs in which we made fun of each other, being as businesslike as possible, although we were both freaks at heart.
I'm an air sign, she's a fire sign. When she came to her senses, she told me that her ex came to my city after her, called him, and long story short, they had sex, about which she now obviously felt bad. I suggested that we go to my place, because her make-up was smeared, so that she should not go out in public like that.
She agreed and we came home, where I made coffee, she fixed her make-up, and after a few minutes of mutual silence, decided to tell everything.
It ended so that she drove to her hotel that evening, I stayed at the forum while she went to another one and we never heard from each other again.
I was in love for less than 24 hours, which was a kind of comforting record for me.

Pensioner Frane lived like a bohemian.
What he didn't spend on a can of cold cuts, he would spend on a bottle of Jure.
Malvasia on a good day.
Frane had just enough pension to pay his bills and be homeless for the rest of the month.
He was already years old, his relatives rarely called him because he was unable to communicate normally.
One day Frane went out for a walk, and I liked the children who were playing cowboys and Indians.
Some had expensive bows and arrows, and others had cowards and small-caliber revolvers.
And so they fought, Frane walked next to them and suddenly felt pain in his left knee.
The pain was the result of an arrow hit, but the arrow did not go in but bounced off.
Frane fell to the ground as if struck down and began to moan.
After hospital treatment and physical therapy, Frane realized that something had to change in his life, because he couldn't take care of himself.
He had always been afraid of women, so Frane came up with a plan to order a couple of prostitutes to get rid of his fear,
and then put an ad offering an apartment to someone who would take care of him.
All this time, Frane didn't even realize that there was no food in the house, that he couldn't afford heating, that the apartment needed to be cleaned and reupholstered,
that the wardrobe needed to be replaced, but Frane decided to stop drinking.
He found a number in the ad and called a young lady to himself.
How cold it is here, said the young chubby girl who entered his apartment.
You should wear layers, they say on television, Frane replied.
And where are we going? - the chubby girl asked

Here, in the room. - Frane said.
At that moment, the chubby girl started to undress Frane and he started to undress her, and it was a bit funny, because they were both clumsy.
Bucka, in just her bra, declared: I'm freezing like a pussy, how much do you have on?
Just the apartment, Frane said, and let him take off 6 of his 12 layers of shirts.
Bucka suddenly straddled him and leaned her whole weight on his aching knee.
With a groan, Frane threw Bucka to the floor and started to curse at everyone.
Bucka got scared, grabbed her clothes and ran out of the apartment.
An hour later, Frane, while lying in bed, had a stroke and was left dead on his face.

My friend and I were sitting in a newly opened and modernly decorated bar.
We weren't drunk, we were shouting at a small Heineken, probably the 6th round.
The loudspeaker was blaring I love the way you move by Bodyrockers.
My friend says he needs to pee and probably wanders off to the toilet.
I look around and notice two female students, one is fiddling with her phone, the other is staring at me.
I'm confused, looking at myself to see if I'm shitty, I see that I'm not and she's looking at me again, and she's smiling and still staring.
And I get up and somehow move diagonally towards them.
We get to know each other, and I ask them if they'd go to Disneyland with my friend and me.
They start to giggle and say yes.
And then I wake up, naked, shocked that the heater is blowing on me and that it's 6 pm. I'll lie down for the last time in the afternoon, I promise you I'll sleep.

I woke up. But not in my bed, but in some kind of "cradle", with some kind of pipes sticking out of me.
I tried not to panic, but I feverishly scanned the surroundings around me. I was in some kind of liquid, which smelled like hell,
and as far as I could see, there were millions of cradles like mine. I tried to move. Unsuccessfully.
Suddenly, a robot appeared above me, resembling Mr Handy from Fallout, and if my assumption was correct, it scanned me.
Then the tentacles separated from my body, and I felt a terrible pain as I suddenly fell like a duck into the room below, something like a sewer.
I tried to swim, but my body wouldn't listen to me. I thought, that's it, no more forums.
As I fell onto my back, I looked up in my final moments, into the hole I had fallen through,
when suddenly a winch with a grapple lowered through the hole and began to lift me up.
I think I passed out then, because the next thing I remember was a table, similar to a hospital table, and a bunch of needles in my body.
Suddenly, She appeared next to me. She asked me how I felt and if I could move my neck. I said, and even that was an effort, that I could. And I could.
I raised my head, and she put a pillow under my head and said: you've woken up. Welcome. I looked around and asked why my thing is so small?
And she said that I had never used it before. There was a moment of awkward silence. Then she said: a few more hours and you'll be able to walk.
I said great, and can I have a sandwich? I asked, because I was terribly hungry.
She said: don't throw you back in the drain, which scared me and brought tears to my eyes.
She said that I should grow another pair of testicles, and then I screamed in embarrassment.
She told me to calm down, that she was just joking, and that I had been chosen. Chosen for what, I asked?
She said that their band was missing a soprano, that they were currently teaching robots to sing. That somehow made sense to me.
I asked if there was a forum here, and she said there was, and that I could return from the other world to this one by simply logging into the forum.
At that moment, a stone fell from my heart and I fell asleep again. I dreamed that Her name was Hemeroine.

I was sitting at the bar in a roadside driver's pub, drinking a warm piss, supposedly a home-made whiskey that the fat innkeeper had recommended to me.
I glanced out the window into the smoky room outside, and saw the highway, washed by the rain that refused to stop
and for which I had decided to take a break from the road. My ears were ringing with a female voice, owned by an elderly lady,
who was dancing on the table behind me and screaming into the microphone from the veins of her heels. Logically, the thought of suicide crossed my mind again
and in the form of taking out a Kalash and emptying the magazine into a gourd. I don't know how disgust can cause physical pain, but tonight it happened to me.
I decided to cut my suffering short, and I took out my wallet, intending to pay the bill.
My gaze fell on the photo in my wallet, showing a handsome man embracing a pregnant woman, both with genuine smiles on their faces.
The music and the shouting stopped at that moment, and then I remembered her again, with a spasm on my face.
That asshole with the white beard sent a drunk driver from above and cut me off by a wife and child.
The music and the shouting returned, and I threw 20kn on the bar, restraining myself from spitting.
I went out into the pouring rain and ran to my camper. The road was long, and I didn't have much time. I slowly got out of the car, and moved on.
An hour later, the rain didn't let up, and I spotted a person hitchhiking by the side of the road.
Jesus, hitchhiking in this kind of rain in the middle of the night, whoever it was, it's not easy for them, I thought, and stopped.
The door was opened by a girl in a raincoat, with a pierced nose, ears, chin, and eyebrow. I asked her where she was going, and she said, "No matter," and jumped in.
I wasn't exactly in the mood for conversation, and neither was she. We had been driving for about an hour, when she suddenly asked me if I had a bed in the back.
I said I had two, and opened the door for her to the back in the middle of the cabin. She got in the back, and I kept driving.
Two hours later, at the same time, or so it seemed to me, it was dawn and the rain had stopped. I parked by the side of the road and walked tiredly to the bed.
My passenger was asleep, and I put my wallet away safely and sprawled out on the other bed.
I closed my eyes, and was just about to fall asleep when I felt a strange sense of comfort. I opened my eyes and discovered that my passenger also had a piercing on her tongue.
I think I came and fell asleep at the same time. When I woke up, my passenger was gone.

My city is beautiful. That is. it was. Before the cataclysm. Full of unique people, a few of whom I knew personally.
There was the blonde Marica, Stipe the pensioner, Marko the Đaner, the politician Damir, the dealer Eugen, and the worst of them all,
whom I did not know personally, was Micko, the serial killer. They said that Mick would kill a man, open his brain
and find out all the secrets of that brain, or the person he killed. Basically, the politician Damir and the blonde Marica were in a relationship.
Damir was a member of the city council and made important decisions, and Marica was the most beautiful creature on the planet.
Marica's parents were happy with her choice, and they probably would have gotten married, if Marica had not caught Damir trying on her Manolo Blahnik shoes one day.
As she told many people after their breakup, she simply could not get over the fact that Damir was not a real man, and that his shoes looked better on him than on her.
Marica used to grow her pubic hair because her gynecologist told her it served a purpose,
but politician Damir didn't like it, so after much deliberation, blonde Marica decided to wax it all and never go to a gynecologist again.
After breaking up with Damir, she went back to her old habits.
One morning I was going to work, I think it was Monday, and I heard two people talking in my office while I was coming down the stairs.
I recognized the voices and concluded that janer Marko was talking to Eugen. I decided to wait until they left, and by force of circumstances I listened to their conversation.
-Give me the feta, please.
-No dinar, no feta. Drive.
-Please, give it to me, I'll give it back to you.
-There's no theory of time.
-Let's go to the park, and I'll blow you off, just give me the lump.
Somewhere around there they came out of the office and I continued on with relief. I worked as a security guard, every other day for 12 hours, and I was already afraid that I would be late for my colleague.
I knew very well what it was like when the shift was over and a person was on pins and needles to go home. However, I arrived on time, took over the shift, and went to the coffee machine to get a coffee.
And there was the blonde Marica. She was banging on the machine, and I offered to help. She said that the machine had swallowed her kuna.
I also put in some coins, but he accepted mine, so I offered her coffee. And we started chatting, which ended with her going to work and arranging a date with me.
While thinking about her, I noticed Stipe, a pensioner, digging through a dumpster.
The facility manager wouldn't allow it, so I started to chase him away, and after a friendly argument, I succeeded.
It was certainly an unusual day for me, and in a way fateful for blonde Marica,
because while surfing during working hours, she came across a phenomenal apartment in the center, below the price, in the basement of a building
and excitedly told her parents about it. Who, some time later, bought it for her.
Blonde Marica and I ended up in a relationship and I remember exactly how on the day we christened her new apartment,
I read the newspaper headlines that said that Micko, a serial killer, killed Stipe the pensioner,
and that the janitor Marko died of an overdose. That was the same day when one country clearly went to war with another,
because bombs started falling in all directions, World War III, and me and blonde Marica were lucky that our apartment was in the basement of a building,
so we somehow survived. When we got out of the ruins, there weren't ten survivors in the entire city.
I remember approaching one of them, who for some reason just kept repeating: 50 plus 50 plus 50 plus 50...So what? 50 plus 50 plus 50 plus 50...So what?
I assumed he was going crazy from shock and thought that the good thing about the whole thing was that I didn't have a mother-in-law.


It was a boring day on the ship. A spaceship. Onte was constantly coming up with some crazy pranks for the other crew members, just out of sheer spite.
And everyone hated him for it. And he also liked to lie. Or rather, he would lie as soon as he opened his mouth, as his now deceased mother would say.
They were on their way to the Vega colony, and with the invention of the Warp engine, cryogenics was slowly disappearing from use. He met Mary in the hallway and an idea came to his mind:
- Hey Mary!
Mary looked at him from under the eye and said: What do you want?
- I was going to ask you if you believe in aliens?
- Of course I do - she replied.
- And what would you say if I told you that I was an alien?-
- Yeah. Ful - Mary replied and left.
Onte was disappointed because he had used up most of the brilliant ideas, and no one was falling for the stupidity. Except maybe Dube, she was a nurse.
He grinned, thinking about what he would give her to nurse and decided to go to her.
He took the turbolift down to the Maintenance bay, and sure enough, she was there, looking busy moving around the room at high speed.
-Hey Duba!- he shouted from a distance
Duba looked at him and just continued working.
Onte didn't let himself be put off.
-Do you want something warm and black inside you?-
-Excuse me?!- Duba said in surprise.
-I meant coffee.- Onte grinned
-Ful.- Duba replied.
To convince her, Onte decided to go to the machine and get Duba some coffee.
-Watch out for that Mr Handy-, Duba told him, -It's broken.-, which referred to the large robot with several arms that was next to the machine.
Onte swiped his card and took the coffee, when Mr Handy suddenly stretched out his arms, said in a digital voice -Firmware upgrade needed-,
grabbed Onta, and threw him and the cup of coffee into the garbage disposal opening.
Onte shouted the first letter of the alphabet and after a few seconds of sliding on the metal, he found himself...in the garbage...
Onte started to mention sexual intercourse with the Lady, when suddenly a green-skinned, red-haired woman appeared in front of him, in Onte's understanding, an alien.
-Are you up for some fuck?!- she asked him with a half-hiss.
A few drops of sweat formed on Onte's forehead, when he heard Duba's voice from above: -Are you okay?!-
-I made alien contact!!!- He answered, shouting, Onte.
At that moment, the "alien" smacked him in the chin with her fist and Onte fell as if he had been struck down.
-What kind of contact?!- Duba shouted.
-Ful- Onte only said briefly a moment before he fainted.


Without telling me what she was going to do, she slammed her car into me head-on.
I was stunned by the sight. A woman in her early 40s was sitting in her car opposite me, clutching the steering wheel with both hands.
I removed my right hand from my cock, tucked it back into my pants, and unzipped it, while at the same time, with my left hand, I stuffed the last bite of the meat burek into my mouth.
My eyes burned and I tried to connect what had happened. She interrupted me in my thoughts by getting out of her vehicle and coming to my passenger window.
I rolled down the window with a press of a button and saw first her massive cleavage, and then her nervous face.
-Are you okay- we asked each other at the same time.
I smiled, and she said she was very sorry, that she had taken the wrong turn because it was her first time in the city.
-no problem ma'am, if your car is running, move it to the side of the road, so we don't disturb other traffic.- I told her, in a calm voice.
She said okay, fixed her hair with her hand and almost ran back to her car. She got in the car and turned the key. It started right away. She smiled at me and put it in reverse.
Then I saw a broken fender, with a Zagreb license plate hanging on just one screw.
She parked her car by the side of the road and I then parked mine next to hers. We got out, I assessed the damage to my car as best I could,
and told her that my fender was damaged and that the damage was somewhere around 500 kuna. To my surprise, she started crying and started hiding her face with her hands.
I said, okay ma'am, your insurance will cover it, there's no reason to cry, unless you're in shock?
Through her tears she explained to me that she didn't have insurance, and that her car wasn't registered.
She said she was in some financial trouble since she separated from her husband and started begging me not to call the police, if I could.
-Madam, it's not my problem not to call the police, but someone has to pay for the damage, give me your husband's number, and I'll make an arrangement with him, I told her.
No, no, not at all, she said, took her hands off her face, looked at me and said, is there any other way?
-Well, you're handsome, madam, you're quite attractive for your age, I said.
She stopped crying and said only briefly: -where?
-Right here, madam, I somehow prefer it in public.- I said
-But everyone will see us, she protested.
-Nobody knows you in this town, madam, it's okay.-
I leaned her against the edge of my car, lifted her skirt and in one move pulled her panties down.
I squatted down and removed the panties from one leg, then unzipped my panties and buried myself in her. She leaned against my car with both hands and spread her legs as wide as she could.
A few minutes later, some cars passed by, slowly, honking, and one even shouted to me, that's how it's done, master!
When I came, I put the little one in my panties, thanked the lady, got in the car and drove away...


Onte and Asja met on hreddit. He was a loser, that respectable vet.
And there probably wouldn't have been any of this if the vet hadn't had lesbian tendencies towards her patients,
and Onte had burst into her inbox with a message that he was a lesbian trapped in the body of a greasy hobo biker. And he was a cunt, if you ask anyone else.
Asja liked that so she decided to investigate the matter, opened a few alts and rushed to him, but he didn't move, he was only interested in the vet.
And somehow they met for coffee, were funny to each other, gossiping about hreddit, when suddenly Onte announced that he had a stone in his wisdom tooth.
She offered to examine that wisdom tooth and the rest is history. They ended up in nights full of passion, orgasmic sex, with the occasional interlude with cutlets and potatoes.
Asya said that he reminded her of a cow, and Onte just smiled. And so one day Asya sent him to the store to get her a new flask,
but Onte had an idea! He would tattoo her face on the middle of the tip of his penis. And as soon as the idea came to him,
Onte went straight to the tattoo parlor with the money for the flask. And as planned, done, with a lot of pain.
Onte was told to grease the tattoo for a month, and Onte smiled. When he got home, Asya asked him where he had been so far, that it was already 8 pm.
He asked her how long, she said 8, and Onte said: I carry you in my heart!

Hi, do you come here often? -
Hahahaha, nice introduction. -
And what am I going to do, I don't know anyone here. I came with a friend. -
And I came with a friend. -
How do you like the house? -
Well, it's not bad. Why? Is it yours? -
No. We rented it. My friend and I came yesterday to light the fireplace and tidy it up a bit for the welcome party. -
You did a good job. -
Yes, but we haven't brought the booze yet. Do you want to come with me to the car, so choose your poison? -
Okay. -
Here. Choose what you like. -
I've never had this. What is it? -
And it's some kind of vodka and apple mix. Not bad. -
Well, you could do that, if it's good? -
Not bad. Here's a glass. -
You don't want anything? -
Well, you could do this little Bavarian. -
How nice it is here. All snow and houses in the middle of the forest.-
Yep. I did a little research around the house yesterday. There's a hunting lodge nearby. We can go see it, if you're interested.-
I'm a little scared to go anywhere with you.-
I promise I'll tie you to a pine tree and offer you to the bears for ransom, so they'll leave us alone tonight.-
Hahahaha, well, come on, if it's for a just cause, then it's okay.-
And they're waiting for game here?-
Yes. Maybe they just come to watch the deer mating, if they're perverted.-
You're worrying me, you know?!-
Ah, that's just me. I'm a little sick in the head. You have no reason to worry.-
Do you have a girlfriend?-
No. None of them want me.-
I'm not surprised.-
Why? What's wrong with me?-
Well, you're weird, I'm afraid of you.-
And I'm scared of myself in the mirror. And I'm actually as gentle as a French baker. -
I guess French bakers are very gentle? -
Well, this one I know was. -
Yeah. You're gay? -
I'm not handsome enough to be gay. I'm just a common peasant. -
Yeah. Anyway, I'm cold, let's go back. And the others will wonder where we are. -
You're right. Let's go back. -
...
...
But, I left a completely wrong impression today. Is there any way I can fix that? -
I don't know. Can you? -
If I can make you laugh, will you forgive me? -
You didn't even make me angry. -
You know, I got the impression that it would be quite difficult to seduce you and take you to bed. -
Hahahaha. Come on. How did you conclude that? -
I see a ring on your hand. -
Ah, that. That ring doesn't normally go on that finger. I put it there on purpose today.-
To ward off potential suitors?-
Something like that.-
Okay. I'll leave you to your drink and company. I'm going to the kitchen to throw something in your beak.-
Okay. See you.-
...
...
You know, a kiss under the mistletoe doesn't count as a rejection.-
I'm not sure it counts if you're holding the mistletoe above my head.-
Am I a great kisser?-
Oh. Let's see that too.-
...
You really are a great kisser.-
You're great too. Anyway, I have other hidden talents, and I'm sure no one in this crowd will notice we're gone. Come on.-
Hey, don't tell me you decorated this room for the two of us?-
Well, yes, I did. Do you like it?-
And there are flowers. And some food on the dresser. And hopefully, clean sheets? And candles?-
I knew you'd like it. Come on.-
...
...
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one...Happy New Year!-
To you too.-
I haven't had such a nice welcome in a long time.-
Really? Since when? Didn't notice.-
Well, it's been a year.-
Hahahaha. You bastard.-

A scream - blood-curdling. That's what wakes me up every morning. What I hear before I open my eyes.
The scream is tangible, real, the scream of some monstrous creature, a creature that seems not to be of this world, but I knew it was.
After opening my eyes, a familiar image appeared before my eyes. The three-headed lamp on the top of the ceiling, and the shadow cast by the always-on light bulb, a shadow resembling Mickey Mouse.
Heh, Mickey Mouse, the only creature that is there for me, in this horrible world, is a cartoon character. I turned over on the dirty sheets, dressed, and heard my stomach growl.
I had to get out. Get food. And They were out. Once people, now bloodthirsty creatures, obviously infected with something.
I shivered as I remembered their bulging eyes, and the crowds, yes, crowds of them with those eyes running after me.
I got up and crawled out through the opening at the bottom of the room into the ventilation shaft.
The ventilation shafts of this old factory had saved me many times, and that room was my safe haven, perhaps the only one in this world.
It was a pleasant day outside. The sun was shining, and a pleasant northerly breeze was blowing. If it weren't for the ruined city in front of me, and the loud silence, one would say, Utopia.
I smiled sourly at that word, uttered so many times in the media, the promise of prosperity. But I had to jerk myself awake and be careful. The nearest market was far away.
I noticed two of Them about a hundred meters from me to the right, and paid attention to the direction of the wind. I couldn't let them smell me.
The last time it cost me, I remembered, with a painful spasm in my face. Somehow I reached the market, and picked up a couple of pates and a can of beans, when I heard a scream.
A woman's scream. I was momentarily confused, because They weren't screaming, and I believed I was the only survivor.
I moved closer to the window at the other end of the street and saw a female being. She was running ahead of Them, straight in my direction.
Hesitant for a moment, I simply ran outside and shouted to her to run left, and I'll run right, to keep them at least partially away from her.
She was more or less composed and ran left. I turned right and started running, and a few of them started following me. After a few seconds, another scream.
It was her again, I assumed, and concluded that the worst had happened. I ran towards the factory, ignoring everything, breathing like crazy.
And I did, but not long after, they arrived too. I fell into the ventilation hole and started crawling towards my room.
But a loud thud behind me meant I had cause for concern. I turned and saw one of them crawling after me.
I crawled frantically and reached my room and huddled against the wall, in panicked fear. And then the creature came.
I waved my hand at it, desperately trying to cover its mouth with my hand, and then I remembered that the hand was no longer there.
I had to cut it off when I was bitten once. And after that, silence. And pain. A phantom pain in a nonexistent hand, like flesh thrown into a fire.
And there was silence.

I woke up, opening my eyes. There was darkness all around me, with occasional flashes of LED lights from street signs.
I heard the murmur of people outside and after an unsuccessful attempt to make out what they were saying, I sat up.
Good morning, a female voice greeted me, noting that I had to be at work in 20 minutes.
The voice came from the speakers on my computer, which I rarely turn off. Good morning to you too, Mary, I greeted, and asked how long I had slept.
Four hours and twenty-six minutes, was the answer. I'm getting better, I thought, and looked for my boxers by the bed.
I glanced at the boxers in an attempt to assess their cleanliness, then held them up to my nose to test the smell.
Satisfied with the result, I pulled them on and got out of bed.
The coffee is ready, Mary announced, at the same moment that the light on the kettle connected to the computer came on.
What's new, Mary, I asked her as I went to the toilet and sat down on the toilet.
She turned up the volume and said briefly: three notifications on Facebook, one message from Aunt Amy, and one job offer on Gmail.
What kind of offer, I asked, straining a little as I went. A job offer, and I said yes, Mary said.
Smart girl, I thought, realizing as I went that she had already told me to be at work in 20 minutes.
What kind of job, I asked out loud? Cleaner, Mary said, adding that there had been trouble downtown and a shooting at a liquor store.
I did my thing, washed my hands and "flush the water," and headed to the kitchen. In the kitchen, I opened the cabinet above the sink while asking Mary what time it was.
5:20 in the morning, she said, and I took a box of pills and a clean glass from the shelf.
I opened the box and shook out three pills into my palm, taking one, and putting the rest back in the box and the box in place.
I poured water into a glass and drank it, immediately feeling my mind clear.
I sat down at the computer, taking the mouse and a cup of coffee in my hands, and Mary, turning the camera from the top of the monitor in my direction, said that I looked bad.
I didn’t comment, but glanced at a few insignificant notifications and read an e-mail, drinking coffee along the way.
Then I started to get dressed for the day, and after I was done, I grabbed the keys from the nightstand, and greeted Mary, exiting and locking the apartment behind me.
I went down the rickety stairs and went outside. The city was decorated with New Year’s decorations and neon signs that said: Happy New 2240!
I had no idea what the exact date was, nor would I have known the difference in days in the year if it hadn’t been for that.
I got to the engine, and, pleased that it started right away, I headed downtown.
The sky was getting lighter, the traffic was starting to get heavier, and morning was beginning to break.
The sky was turning gray, and I thought that it suited my personality perfectly, but I couldn’t enjoy it for long, because with the dawn the sun visor was also coming on,
giving the sky an orange glow. When I saw the police lights and the protective tape, I knew I had come to the right place.
I took the tools out from under the engine cover and showed the policeman my identification. He just gave a short radio call: The cleaner is here!

We met on a forum. We noticed each other on the topic about good girls who don't have boyfriends. To make a long story short, it ended with her coming to visit me.
Immediately after we got off the bus, she started talking. She's so-and-so, her name is so-and-so, and she's happy and I'm pretty and she wants to go see my city.
She kept talking, without waiting for me to introduce myself and started walking.
She talked the whole way about herself, her ex-fiancé, the tragic end of the relationship, her elderly mother, her father who left them
and some uncle who's in prison for some embezzlement. A good half hour passed, and I still hadn't said a word.
Not five or six, but we passed a nice little restaurant, and she started to sit down at a table.
I quickly pulled her seat out and sat down opposite her. She continued to clatter, and when the waiter came, she ordered
and when the waiter looked at me, she ordered for me too, trying to sound like a man with a deep voice.
She laughed and the sound of her laugh reminded me of the sound of a tuk-tuk, and said that she imitated men very well. And she continued to chatter.
She seemed to have no intention of stopping. The waiter served us and, I have no idea how, she continued to chew and talk, while I began to grin to myself,
trying to keep my mouth shut. She then said that she watched me grind food, and that it was her hobby, and that she concluded that I was missing a 5 on the bottom right.
That was true, by the way, but I was left speechless, and she turned away to that tragic end of her relationship.
Namely, she was explaining something to her lover about silicone implants in the apartment, and her Pekingese,
which normally barks non-stop, stood between her and her fiancé and barked.
And then, in a sad voice, almost whining, she said that her fiancé had kicked the Pekingese out of the blue, which flew straight into the burning fireplace.
And at that moment, my mouth finally opens, bits of food from my mouth fly all over the table, at her, the waiter, the nearby guests, the floor,
and I start banging my fist on the table and laughing loudly. She finally falls silent and then, probably offended, gets up from the table and leaves.
When I came to myself, I apologized to everyone present, blushed a little, paid the bill and went home...

Llama loved to spit. He spat on the road, in his room, on his blanket, on his muffs, on his tits, in the office, on the field, in the car, everywhere.
One fine day he wanted to grab a pig by the legs to slaughter it, but it squealed and ran away through a hole in the fence into the neighborhood.
I'll fuck you when I catch you, Llama declared, to the disapproval of his fellow butchers, so he spat with gusto.
At that moment, a neighbor appeared, taking his friends with him and asking him why this was the second time he had let the pig squeal.
Llama smiled mischievously, spat, and said that it was so that the neighbors would think that he was slaughtering two piglets, not just one.
Keep your pig in your yard and don't come to me again, did you hear me? - the neighbor shouted at him.
Ljama pushed him away - he heard his cries, but he only spat once more.

You must construct additional pylons, echoed every 3 seconds in Božo's head, who was frantically moving the mouse and clicking.
Oh my god, how many times he clicked, but to no avail. Božo would never understand the logic of the gods and why things were made the way they are.
But it annoyed him. He wanted to win. Not just win, but also go to competitions, prove that he was the best pylon builder in the world.
When his last unit died, Božo looked disappointedly at the remains of his base. Run over by the Zerg.
If he had been given a thank god for cold fusion bomb, maybe it would have been different.
This way the vermin slowly satiated it, and there were so many of them and Božo pressed alt F4 to not look at it and went back to his rags. Next time will be better.
As Jesus says, sometimes it's just the light shield that matters, not just the strength of the shield itself. And he's a madman of his own kind too.
Božo smiled to himself in his mind and went to bed.
While this drama was unfolding, Dave from New Hampshire was drinking tea, completely unaware of Božo's drama,
and also unaware of the fact that he would be run over by a tanker truck in which the driver had fallen asleep during the day.
Dave was thinking in his mind about fish and chips, Arsenal's poor performance, and the new waitress at the pub. Ugh, is she any good?
At the same time, completely unaware of both Božo and Dave, outside our universe a child of an unimaginable being was thinking about his new toy.
Gu-gu, ga-ga, it said, in some language unimaginable to Božo and Dave.

I was browsing horoscopes on forum.hru, thinking that I would learn why the things in my life happened the way they did.
And why he left me, and why everyone treats me badly and why I have certain problems.
I was impressed by Wikiceha, a handsome man with a black avatar who always patiently answered my questions, and always confirmed my thoughts.
I had the feeling that he understood me, maybe only he.
Anyway, it was the weekend, I rushed out, a little black dress, heels, and earrings, decently, and youthfully and with a briefcase in hand, I headed into town.
I ran into an old acquaintance with whom I used to discuss horoscopes and surprised me by saying that she knew she would find me,
because she had studied my natal chart and wanted to bring me some crystals. She told me to put them under my tongue, and I believed her.
There was loud music in the bar, maybe a little too loud for my taste, and a cute young man approached me.
For some reason I burst into tears and told him the whole story of my life, you idiot. He just smiled.
And then it occurred to me to ask him what his horoscope was? Waiter, you're a pussy, can I order more? - was the answer.

Anita was a child from a poor family. Her mother was mentally ill and did not work, and her father worked in a factory but regularly drank all the money.
They barely had enough to eat, and for shoes and clothes they had what they stole from her father's wallet.
One day, Anita started high school, and there she hung out with girls.
They were crazy and crazy, they smoked weed and cigarettes, drank alcohol and organized memorable parties.
At one of these parties, Anita was approached by Luka. Luka was a funny boy from the second grade, with curly hair and a wicked smile. She liked him.
But Marina, one of the girls, also liked Luka. Unbeknownst to Marina, Anita ended up with Luka,
losing her virginity after a month of dating him and thinking that life wasn't so bad after all.
But one day, Marina came up to her and asked her if she knew why girls organize parties, and not more at parties and clubs? Confused, Anita asked why?
Because they know you have no money, so they don't want to put you in an awkward situation, was the answer. And Luka was seen with another girl last night.
Anita remained silent, apologized and went home, not knowing that the other person seen with Luka was exactly Marina, thinking about what to do and how, and decided to fuck them all, thinking that they would be better off without her, so let them go to bars and clubs.
She came to the team, argued with everyone, ran home and cried for years.
She was absent from school for a week, which eventually resulted in her being kicked out of school and beaten by her father.
When she grew up, she got a job as a waitress, and when high school was declared compulsory, she finished dinner so she could keep her job.
Then a new Luka came along, who left her pregnant and alone, leaving her to fend for herself and the child.
At an advanced age, Anita learned to use a computer and sought happiness online, but God had no mercy on her.

Some women love dogs. They get either a pit bull, a Shih Tzu, or a mixed breed.
They like to walk around the city and be seen, so the dog is like a fashion accessory for them.
Along the way, they start chatting with other dog owners, which is good for them because of their extremely social nature.
They adore their dogs and take care of them, they feed them because when you feed a hungry animal, it's like feeding your soul.
Charlie Chaplin said that. If they miss being petted, the dog is always there, and they play with the dog to make the dog feel better.
They also buy him toys and give him all sorts of things to nibble and chew on. Sometimes their dog gets attached to another dog,
which they don't like, and they don't really like it when their Shih Tzu jumps on other women's legs and rubs his genitals against their pants.
When the dog gets old, they take him to the vet, give him medicine, like a nurse, out of pure love.
And in the end, when the dog leaves, they grieve, and say that a piece of their soul has gone with it. Some find a new dog because of the emptiness in their hearts.

They brought it to me in a bag, like everyone else. I didn't pay much attention, I had other work to do. I was working a fairly good second shift and it was Friday, I remember well.
As the day drew to a close, my colleague went home, uttering his famous saying: Ready for home!, after which he would inevitably laugh at his own stunt.
I waved and was left alone. I sat down and lit a cigarette, and crossed my legs in the seat, enjoying the puffs of smoke.
And at one point, through the middle of that puff of smoke, I saw a black bag. They said it was the body of a young girl, killed in a traffic accident.
I guess her heart had failed from shock. The devil wouldn't let me rest, I left the cigarette in the ashtray and got up to the table with the black bag.
I opened the bag and saw the absolutely most beautiful face of a deceased girl in my entire working life.
I opened the whole bag and when her entire body was revealed, I was stunned. She had a little blood on her forehead, but other than that, her body was intact.
And what a divine body! I touched her and was even more surprised at that moment, because her body was still warm.
I thought that the accident must have happened today during the day. What a shame, I thought. And then something unexpected happened.
For the first time in my career, while looking at her body, I got an erection. And what an erection! In a second, it wanted to jump out of my pants and was hard as a rock!
I ran my fingers over her mons venus as a disgusting thought formed in my head and somewhere in there I decided to do it.
I unzipped my zipper, jumped on her and shoved my tool inside her. Jesus, it was like fucking a sleeping girl, not a dead one.
I started to penetrate faster and faster, getting more and more horny, and to my surprise, her thing got wet.
At that moment, shock, astonishment, disbelief!!! Namely, the girl started moving her eyes and looked directly at me!
After that, her scream followed, and I fell to the floor, unfinished business.
At that moment, all the medical books went through my head, possible pranks from colleagues and even zombies, but she interrupted me by asking where she was and who I was.
I came to my senses, introduced myself, stood up and explained the situation, in a trembling voice. And she told me that I was sick and wanted to go home.
I could do nothing else, but gave her my cell phone to call her parents. Soon her parents came
and with a lot of noise and questioning thanked me for saving their daughter's life, and that they didn't hold anything against me, but that I had to contact the police.
Which I did. I got two years in prison.

I woke up and looked around. The cabin was warm, there were still embers in the fireplace from the wood I had put in last night.
I moved my blanket, a bearskin, and jumped into my work clothes and boots by the bed. I took the kettle and went outside.
My faithful shepherd dog greeted me, wagging his tail. The beast wanted some attention, but I don't pet anyone until I wash myself.
I reached the barrel next to the cabin, where I collected rainwater, scooped some water into the kettle, and placed it next to the barrel on a small stand.
Then I took the barrel in my hands and buried my head in it. Brr, it was really cold.
I took the kettle and went back to the cabin, when I only then felt that it was a little warmer than usual outside.
Spring must have arrived, although the snow hadn't melted yet. I placed the kettle on a small tripod in the fireplace and added sugar.
I'll add coffee when the water boils. I thought it would be wise to go to the village for groceries, I collected some good hides that are worth something.
After drinking my coffee, I checked my hunting rifle and cartridges, it didn't hurt, I took my axe and went outside.
There was no more wood, and I should find something to light a fire. I headed towards the nearby forest.
As I wandered through the forest, looking for suitable trees, something unexpected suddenly happened. My beast disappeared.
I whistled, but it didn't even bark. I took the rifle off my shoulder, expecting the worst, and started to investigate.
I came to a small lake, or rather, a small puddle, and then something happened that I had never seen before.
Namely, the water stirred in that puddle, and to my surprise, the absolutely most beautiful girl I had ever seen slowly emerged from the water.
To my astonishment, she spoke. She said she was a forest spirit and that she had a sword for me that would turn me into the leader of humanity.
She handed me the sword and I took it in my hand and then my astonishment passed. I realized that the forest spirit's legs were tied with some kind of vines.
I hit them with my sword and she screamed at me not to do that.
I didn't care. I tore off everything that was tying her to that puddle, pulled her by the arm and threw her to the floor.
Then I threw myself on her naked body, took out my cock and stuck it in her up to the hilt. I fucked her for about ten minutes while she whimpered,
and when I came, I stood up and stuck the sword in the middle of her heart.
Then I spotted a really nice tree for kindling and went on with my daily life.

The agency loved special people. Telekinesis, telepathy and other things, i.e. people with special gifts, were highly sought after commodities.
One of these special people was Šime. Šime was a telepath.
Once, when the Agency recruited him, Šime explained to them that when he used telepathy, he summoned negative energy onto himself.
The Agency came up with the idea of ​​finding Šime another person, whom Šime could control and do work for the Agency through.
In this way, negative energy would be summoned to that nobody and nothing. Šime's task was also to keep the dog alive.
Some people didn't like the Agency's actions, so they decided to locate and kill Šime.
The Agency made sure that Šime's dog was accused of being a telepath, not Šime.
And it worked. For many years. One day, Šime realized that his career wouldn't last forever, so he told the Agency that he had grown weak and wanted to retire.
The Agency decided to neutralize both Šime and his dog, and they came up with a plan to send an agent to neutralize them both.
But Šime wasn't actually weak, he was stronger than ever and prevented the agent from neutralizing the dog.
Šime thought that if the dog wasn't there, he wouldn't be able to use his wonderful gift, nor would he ever be able to retire.
What Šime didn't know was that the Agency had a replacement long ago, and that replacement cost both him and his dog their lives.

We swerved around a bend and hit the highway. The three of us, and I was alone in the car.
I was first, of course, the other two were fucking drivers.
Mica Trofrtaljka was blaring on the radio, while I kept repeating to myself: drive me, drive me, get the car in the garage!
My vocal abilities were worth as much as a fucking bob, especially when I'm drunk, and there was no one to hear it.
Anyway, it was the stupidest possible time of day, like when I'm the only one on the entire planet watching the opera Vox on TV,
but then I happened to find myself in a frantic chase with my Korean SUV, followed by....wait, who was following me?
Well, no one was following me, am I crazy, who could be following me?
Anyway, my beast was gulping fuel and roaring, and there was wind noise in the cabin, because of the crappy insulation.
The Kia was shaking and straining as the speedometer showed nearly 180 km/h. Buy this car, the salesman told me in the showroom, and God will see to it.
A smile lit up my face at the mention of those words, along the way revealing cavities in three of my five front teeth. I wanted to shave before the trip, but my mom hadn't bought any razors.
She forgot again. No matter, I know my girl won't be angry.
I took my phone out of my pocket and texted her "I'll be there in an hour, get off the forum and get dressed."
I got a smiley face in response. My doll, she knows I'm as horny as a gypsy for my sister.
I remembered her Nutella pancakes, and my soul fluttered...


In the begining someone farted. It was said as a joke that he was like a universe full of gas.
God created that universe out of him. Then there was a thought what if spark happened, and god created a spark which ignited entire universe.
On our planet, an animal wished to be fed by someone. So god created Adam. Adam wished for company, so god created Delilah.
Adam and Delilah and all that followed had different wishes. They wished for order, so god created physics.
They wished only a minute of gods time per human being, so god did it. They wished wishes must be true, and god made it happen.
Then they wished wishes weren't literal but metaphoric, and god did it. You got the idea.


Once upon a time, a special child was born. This child could see into the future. And he told people around him what he saw in the future.
Based on these visions, a prophecy was born. Or rather, a bunch of prophecies. And a cult, a mafia, was born, who set themselves the task of making these prophecies come true.
The cult used medicinal herbs and poisons in the beginning and expanded its arsenal of weapons over the years. Rohypnol, today's date/rape drug, has been known for thousands of years.
They knew. Every battle you've read about, every war, every historically famous person became famous thanks to a cult or happened thanks to a cult.
Years later, Luka was born. Luka was an ordinary boy who was mentioned in the prophecies.
And the cult had him raped, hypnotized, and then made to do some things and not do some things.
Years later, a Maya was born, who was also mentioned in the prophecies, and according to the horoscope, Luka was supposed to be with her.
Just as Luka was raped, and under hypnosis he was ordered to become a guard, so Maja was also raped when she was still a girl, and she was ordered to take care of the children.
Maja hated men because of rape and became a pediatrician. As the horoscope dictated, Luka and Maja eventually met, and Luka fell madly in love, but neither she nor he knew that they were set against each other through hypnosis via computer and cell phone.
So Luka was led to force her into someone else's hands, and that other person was the same man who fucked Luka, the same kind of man who fucked Maya.
Only the cult knows why it was done, I guess for some higher purpose, but Luka's heart was broken and that was the end of the story.
Luka guessed that the cult wanted his life to be so shitty that at the crucial moment, which was yet to happen, he would react based on those experiences.
That child from the past didn't know something. They thought the monolith had given the monkeys knowledge, but it was actually an LCD television,
so it's possible that the whole cult thing all these years was based on a false premise, something they didn't understand so long ago.

I met Janica on Reddit. She ran into me and asked to meet for coffee, she said I was uber funny. She sent me a photo.
She had an American jaw, pearly white teeth and slightly wavy light brown hair.
I liked her so I agreed. When I got to the pub on the Riva, she was 5 minutes late, but she came with a huge smile, all beaming and happy.
I suggested we order coffee, and she said ok. She started talking about herself, how she had graduated from college and was looking for a job,
she asked me about my turbulent history which she said was like a Tarantino script, so we moved on to beers, which she also agreed to.
When I relaxed and my fear subsided, about two hours after we met, I started rolling bases and balls and she laughed at everything.
They said, they told me that a woman will do anything if I can make her laugh. She said yes, but not everyone.
Are you up for a walk, I asked, and she said yes. I paid the bill and we walked along the waterfront, laughing and talking the whole time.
I told her about my problematic old man, to which she said that she also grew up with an abusive father.
She said she would like my entire digital collection, everything I have, and that she has a 500 GB usb stick, so I invited her to my place to record it for her.
She agreed to that too. While we were waiting for the copying to finish, I suggested that she take off her clothes if she was hot.
And she took off her clothes. Completely naked. She smiled and looked at me meaningfully, and I threw myself at her.
After an hour, the copying was finished, I came two or three times, she once, and we agreed for another coffee.
And so we hung out for several months, and she agreed to absolutely everything I ever suggested.
One day she brought me a bottle of cold water and some effervescent tablets to make a smoothie and smiled at me, and I said, for some completely unknown reason, that I didn't want to see her anymore. She listened to that too.

It was a dark night and the seemingly ordinary, nocturnal butterfly Zlatko was carried away by the idea of ​​glitter. The brighter the better, he would say. For as long as he can remember, Zlatko has been attracted to light. He hated the dark because he couldn't see anything then, and he also hated the fact that he was a nocturnal butterfly. He would rather call himself a butterfly of light. In any case, Zlatko's past was turbulent. He had a girlfriend who left him for a meadow butterfly, and after her, everything went downhill. He fell into a bad gang, a gang of moths, and did illegal things, following their example. In the end, he indulged in flower nectar. At the last moment, he realized that salvation lay precisely in glitter. Zlatko came to this conclusion when he hit a car headlight in the pitch darkness. He barely survived the blow and realized that light was the bringer of life and death. And so Zlatko headed for the brightest of all lights, the sun. When morning came, Zlatko set off. Up, up, up and even higher. He flew higher and higher, feeling immense satisfaction with himself. The sun shone at full strength and Zlatko was already at an altitude of 1500 meters. However, a gust of wind threw our unfortunate Zlatko straight into the path of a Boeing passenger plane. The last thing that went through Zlatko's mind as he hit the cockpit glass was his own asshole.


Cptn on the bridge!, Cptn on the bridge! - was heard throughout the ship.
Captain, the 32-year-old sea wolf took the turbolift to the bridge.
Captain, said the officer, when the captain stepped onto the ship, we found something.
What? The captain asked shortly.
It looks like some kind of room on this asteroid, but it's protected from scans, we can't continue mining because of it!
Report to the corporation and scan the remaining asteroids, and don't call me for bullshit in the future.
But captain, this is the last in this group of asteroids and we have no more fuel, we have to jump back!
At that moment, a huge ship appeared next to them, revealing the name Andromeda below deck.
A voice was heard through the bridge of the mining ship: This is the scientific ship Andromeda, prepare to jump to the ground, your mission is complete!
The captain and the officer looked at each other and at that moment their ship imploded.
The Corporation did not want witnesses.
The team sent from Andromeda entered the hall on the asteroid and the female lieutenant declared: It seems that there are paintings of women performing oral sex on the walls, Captain.
Keep scanning, there is too little information to draw conclusions, the captain replied.
Captain, shouted Lieutenant Santiago, it seems that there is a huge room behind this one!
But there is no switch and the scan can only penetrate briefly.
The lieutenant found what looked like a brass dildo, protruding from the wall.
Captain, please allow me to take off my helmet, the lieutenant asked.
The reason, the captain asked?
I have an idea, the unscrupulous Lieutenant Smith replied.
Approved, Captain James replied.
The lieutenant took off her helmet, ran her hand over the brass penis a few times, and to the team's astonishment, she started to squirm.
Hahahaha, what nonsense, a voice came out.
Everyone fell for it, the other voice replied, laughing.
Red-faced, the lieutenant grabbed her weapon, as did the rest of the team, and the door opened.
Welcome to the office, the two aliens said at once.
